James Best is best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard"
He died Monday after a brief illness.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change.
He refocused on the issue from a public health vantage point.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
The channel said it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
The law was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013.
Marco Rubio has announced he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination.
Ruben Navarrette: Rubio has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
He says Rubio's political philosophy will be a tough sell to Hispanics.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on Saturday April 18.
The series is one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV.
"Game of Thrones" returns for a fifth season.
A ramp agent fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold.
The man has been banned from working on Alaska Airlines planes.
"I think it's scary and really unsafe, too," a passenger says.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement's website.
Some Afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
A former police official speculated that the loss could run to $300 million.
Toya Graham tells CNN she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
Video of her slapping her son has led to the Internet calling her #motheroftheyear.
"She didn't want me to get in trouble (with the) law," her son says.
In Neolithic times trepanation was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines.
Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
An obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples.
That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
Since the Pew poll last fall, Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act sparked a nationwide controversy.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado.
Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings.
Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday.
Another natural disaster strikes in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
Up to 200 people are feared missing as a result of a landslide, a trekking association official says.
More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days.
Sally Kohn: "We are the People. Yes we can. We are family"
Kohn: The word "we" is one of the great American words.
Indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized for allowing businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
The law expands the scope of the law to include private companies and cases where government is not involved.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet for live broadcasting.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages by broadcasting their location live.
Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people and taking others hostage.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
"There is gong to be change," the head of the church says.
Police dashcam video shows a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Legend came out to honor Bill Withers with a performance of "Use Me"
Patti Smith and Reed's widow, music artist Laurie Anderson, shared the three rules for life.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and other charges.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it.
Thieves broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London.
They reportedly took advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes.
Police are offering few details of the robbery at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people.
A Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen.
A new initiative is underway.
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
The worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks.
As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation.
The birth of any baby is cause for celebration, but given recent changes in the laws of succession, her arrival would be a historical one.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
This month the city launched the tourism campaign "Juarez is Waiting for You"
Officer Michael Rapiejko slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car.
He said he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man, so he chose the other option.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
The country's prime minister, Jose Maria Neves, has acknowledged the economic potential of music.
Kriol Jazz Festival is celebrating its seventh edition this past weekend.
Afghanistan's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here.
The violence in the provinces means people swell it further still.
Vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper.
The Washington University of rowing team was practicing on Creve Coeur Lake.
A swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack.
No rowers were injured during the ordeal.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
South Carolina police release dash cam video in connection with Walter Scott's death.
The footage does not show the actual shooting.
A witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
A Doberman pincher recently ate three watches.
Her owners describe her as "more goofy than scary"
A veterinarian removed about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah.
At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
Ines Dumig is a CENTER Grant Recipient.
"Apart Together" is a photo series documenting refugee Sahra.
Sahra is currently under the status of "suspension of deportation"
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity"
They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
New Horizons spacecraft sent back its first color image of Pluto.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's rape claim, lawsuit says.
Sulkowicz, an international student from Germany, filed a federal discrimination lawsuit last week.
Jurors are set to begin deliberations Tuesday in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
Aaron Hernandez is charged with murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Lloyd was found dead in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts.
Hernandez has pleaded not guilty.
A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors.
Local residents successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep their slim title hopes alive.
Aaron Ramsey's first half goal puts Arsenal within four points of Chelsea.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
"The Americans" is winding down, and the finales are starting.
"Vikings," which has been renewed for a fourth season, wraps up Thursday.
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says.
A year earlier, SOHR's tally stood at 162,402.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
Video reignited national outcries surrounding police treatment of African-Americans.
Protesters say they're looking for answers about what happened to Freddie Gray.
They want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes.
Police union says it's 100% behind the officers and compared protesters to a lynch mob.
The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video.
Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us place the economy on a true moral foundation.
The idea is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth, social fairness and environmental sustainability.
"It is a very sad day for Kenya," Kenya's interior minister tweets.
"I am lucky to be alive, because I jumped through the fence with other students," one survivor says.
The attack is more reminiscent of what other Islamist extremist groups have done.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry.
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students.
Dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been sent to jail on criminal charges.
Dead fish have appeared in Rio de Janeiro's Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon.
Officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death.
Last week, a sailor crashed into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
His brother says he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded.
At least 25 people have been detained since January.
The arrests highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda.
As the world learns more about Andreas Lubitz, it is readily apparent that this young man had psychiatric issues.
Lubitz had to compete successfully in a selection process just to have the opportunity to train through Lufthansa's flight program.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
In practice, it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like.
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday.
DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
He was found on his side near a bathroom in his home.
Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
The Schedules that Work Act was introduced in Congress last summer.
The Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality were about S&M.
David Frum: The institution of marriage has already changed from long ago.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Khamenei's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities has landed the country under crippling sanctions.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
Iran's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation.
The presentation is set to film next weekend on the Disney lot in Burbank.
Jean Nidetch died Wednesday at her home in Florida.
She was 91.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex.
The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless.
Robert Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
She thought that because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods.
A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket"
The James Webb Space Telescope will be launched in October 2018.
It is intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years.
The mission is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is charged with aggravated harassment.
She is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were abducted in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria.
Malala: We should all feel shame: shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs.
Mohamed Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters outside the presidential palace.
Morsy's Freedom and Justice Party calls the trial a "travesty of justice"
Sandra Mackey was an undercover reporter working for U.S. newspapers from Saudi Arabia.
Her 1992 book "Passion and Politics: The Turbulent World of the Arabs" helped bridge gaps in understanding between Arabs and Americans.
Prince Jan Zylinski challenges Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park.
Farage complains that Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants.
UKIP leader says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.
The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter.
Some hospitals are looking at everything they do and trying to evaluate whether it contributes to enhancing the patient experience.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow.
She says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day.
Womack: "I love the Russian system and I'm very patriotic in that sense"
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer got a makeover.
YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on his own version using classic superhero footage.
Burns: "I wanted to contrast the old with the new"
A majority of Americans favor marijuana legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes.
David Frum: I see a revolution in the attitudes of everyday Americans.
He says the word revolution, comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around"
Frum: The production of research-grade marijuana there has increased 30-fold in just the past year.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty on every count in the Boston Marathon bombings.
Jurors also hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead.
A draft script of "The Breakfast Crew" has been found in a school district filing cabinet.
The 1985 teen classic was filmed at the Maine North High School building.
Astronomer Amy Mainzer named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai.
Mainzer discovered Asteroid 316201 in June 2010.
The asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
Chief Justice John Roberts faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry.
The illness has affected 95 people on the Celebrity Infinity.
The CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the scientists say.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
"Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best.
Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in a botched robbery in February.
He beat up a guard, put on his uniform and took his keys.
Authorities don't know how he got out of his two-man cell.
Andrew Getty, 47, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner's official says.
Gordon Getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion, according to Forbes.
Thousands of Yazidis were taken captive by ISIS in Iraqi Kurdistan.
The militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
"They separated all of us," says 19-year-old Hanan.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
Bates says he meant to subdue Eric Harris with a Taser.
The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations.
Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden, source says.
Houthi rebels withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden.
The latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The airport has previously been bombed.
More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7.
Tom Brady tweets his love for Gisele Bundchen.
Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
The model announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen.
"By having American sea power in the region, we have created options for ourselves," a Pentagon spokesman says.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week.
The only models on display will be the ones with four wheels.
Car manufacturers are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen.
"School of Rock" will debut on Nickelodeon later this year.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
He'll be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger.
No one was injured in the shooting.
Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance Saturday night.
Ben Powers played Thelma's husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"
Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party are killed and another is wounded.
The fighting took place in the eastern city of Agri.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, CNN Turk reports.
HBO released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective"
The new season premieres June 21.
The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery.
The remains were found in a duffel bag in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections.
Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" won the Pulitzer for general nonfiction.
New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded.
About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds.
Jockey AP McCoy wins Grand National for the second time.
Many Clouds won by a length and a half, ridden by Leighton Aspell.
McCoy has dominated jump racing for two decades.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is facing charges that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain"
Dean Obeidallah: Oz is serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
SkyWest Airlines flight makes emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Passenger received medical attention before being released.
Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford, Connecticut.
Muslims threw 12 fellow passengers overboard, killing them, police say.
Italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians.
The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat.
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
She joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor.
David Frum: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment for the Boston Marathon bombing.
He says the prosecution's emphasis on the killings involved "substantial planning and premeditation"
Frum: Tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy, but only if he now feels remorse.
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started shooting up heroin all day.
He was convicted of larceny, conspiracy and threatening to steal from a depository.
Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team.
He asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
The prom-posal has gone viral.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are accused of planning to build an explosive device.
They were arrested and accused of plotting attacks in the United States.
If convicted, the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Evidence collected in Lloyd's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video features 38 people besides Clinton in the two-minute ad.
The proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
"Mad Men" returns to AMC.
Billy Crystal returns to television.
Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he's a woman.
Social media reaction?  A cheer, a shrug -- and not much else.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are.
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape.
A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
Authorities have said they plan to interview the woman and show her the full video.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
People are removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- amid fear of contamination from ash and lava.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
Qassim's son describes the families' journey across this part of the Red Sea as "a window into hell"
A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan.
An Afghan National Army gunman opened fire on the troops, an Afghan police chief says.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Kardashians seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in remote areas.
One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people.
The hospital campus is overflowing with patients.
Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law.
Ruben Navarrette: Pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives.
Protesters upset over death of Freddie Gray scuffled with police on the streets of Baltimore.
The Baltimore Police Department says the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.
Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic," a retired university adviser says.
The eruption produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
The tour will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six former students.
He says he wants to "tell the truth to the world, that I never assaulted them"
"He's got to stop lying behind it," says Sarah Baughn, a former student.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever.
John Sutter: The reaction to this new lineup is a range of cheers and jeers.
U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi failed.
Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm on Tuesday.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market in Kolkata, India, for his project "Flower Man"
Hermann sought a neutral background for the portraits, but quickly realized the lighting did not match the mood he wanted to create.
Viewers may see people or a dog appearing in a frame, or even birds flying in the sky.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
She gives her friends a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
A brief conversation gives the reader enough clues to eliminate nine of the 10 dates.
Brynn Duncan's food allergies change so frequently, keeping track is almost pointless.
Her labradoodle, Moose, starts alerting, licking her hands frantically.
Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
The Canadian singer believes she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
Her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel announce the arrival of their son.
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather.
The couple announced the pregnancy in January.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday.
Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed Thursday by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
The killings renewed speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych.
Australia's executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran raise questions about powers we give to states.
The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times, but to kill two people looks gratuitous and cruel.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
She's come a long way from "Glitter"
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage in 2011.
His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says.
It did not lead to the American aid worker's release.
Hillary Clinton announces she will run for president in 2016.
The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
Clinton's supporters are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors.
A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own.
Theia was apparently hit by a car and then buried in a field.
She has been receiving care at the Veterinary Teaching Hospital.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons.
NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan says we may be close to finding evidence of alien life.
"We know where to look. We know how to look," she says.
The FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January.
Marwan, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was believed by the FBI to a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
Supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
He missed the entire 2011-2012 season.
Green is now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others.
Opening statements are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Regina Agyare is the founder of software development company Soronko Solutions.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18.
The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future.
Record stores are a vanishing breed, another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
The United Nations' international climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement.
The outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place, says Peter Bergen.
He says President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal.
Bergen: The best predictor of Iran's future behavior is its past behavior.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice.
Attorney General's office says there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"Mad Men" begins Sunday.
The show about a 1960s advertising agency has become part of the national fabric.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached.
Uncertainty over how many tickets will be allocated to each fighter.
The Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai is an ancient tradition in the region.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies.
The tiny shop, located in Tsim Sha Tsui, is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies"
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris.
An internal inquiry in 2009 concluded that Bates was shown special treatment.
Bates' attorney disputes the findings in the report.
The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria.
The airstrikes targeted a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border.
Muna Mansour is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals.
A group of U.S. organizations have filed a lawsuit against the State Department and Defense Department.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students.
The school was not the main target, the officials say.
At least 74 children are known to have been killed and 44 children maimed since March 26.
Maggie Doyne is raising nearly 50 children in a home in Nepal.
The BlinkNow Foundation is helping to raise the children.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off"
The powerful storm has already claimed four lives.
Cathay Pacific forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong.
One of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
The flight was scheduled to depart on Saturday night.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
But that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators.
To assuage any fears, we asked John Swartzberg, M.D., to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab training camps, a Somali resident says.
A Kenyan military source says the strikes are not retribution for the Garissa University College massacre.
The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of the attack.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Kylie Jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the lip-plumping trend.
In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%, according to the ASAPS.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima, 64, is accused of photographing an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14.
He says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women over a quarter of a century.
The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles.
China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
U.S. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques.
Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic.
Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control.
Britain's elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis.
The elected parliament consists of 650 seats, each representing a different number of constituents.
Only the candidate who wins most votes in each constituency gets a seat.
The odds of Congress passing another New Deal or Great Society are minimal.
Liberal Democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a not-so-little baby early Friday evening.
There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
Loretta Lynch is the first African-American woman attorney general.
Her nomination has been delayed by more than a month.
The Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm Lynch has not been scheduled.
Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight.
Most staff members and civilians have been rescued.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
Barker hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company.
Frida Ghitis: McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez is known for his swagger.
Jury deliberations resume Wednesday.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN student News Roll Call.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination.
So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported.
Kentucky Wildcats beaten 71-64 by Wisconsin Badgers in NCAA Final Four.
Blue Devils dominate Michigan State 81-61 in first contest of the night.
Kentucky came into game as first men's team to have 38-0 record.
Jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
Dean Obeidallah: Understanding what leads young Muslims down a dangerous path requires we understand radicalization.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters final.
Serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches.
Djokovic is bidding to win his 52nd career title and second Monte Carlo title.
"We need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," organizer says.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the names of the victims.
The attack at a university in Garissa killed 147 people, mostly students.
Stephen Hawking has teamed up with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song"
The 7-inch single will be available for sale Saturday.
The collabo is in honor of Record Store Day.
Michael Keaton's third turn on "Saturday Night Live" drew high marks from viewers and critics.
The show also poked fun at CNN with cast member Cecily Strong playing anchor Brooke Baldwin.
Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio.
Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
Brett McGurk says ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically"
The U.S. is in unchartered territory, he says.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
She had never seen herself actually dancing.
African investors are bringing to London the best of the continent.
They mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
The map shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Yong Soo Lee, 16, was forced into sexual slavery by Japanese soldiers during World War II.
She is just one of over 200,000 women from Korea, China, Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations.
When Japanese PM Shinzo Abe addresses joint meeting of Congress, he has an opportunity to do right by these women.
John Avlon: McDonald's will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees.
Avlon: This is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos.
The actress and Loeb apparently lived while they dated.
The Finance Police's ship, the Calabrese, patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a "hard-partying college frat boy"
He says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters.
North Korea has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication"
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years.
Kenyan teachers and students alike are terrified.
ISIS beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the group.
Psychology professor says they may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism.
The 21-year-old faces life in prison or the death penalty.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra.
He'll spend four weeks with the country's military.
The prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president, and the never ending Clinton story rumbles on.
Julian Zelizer: There are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton.
SpaceX says it will try to land a Falcon 9 rocket on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean.
The company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50%.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck.
The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip.
Minatel was traveling with his teammates from the Ottawa Fury Football Club.
A former banker, 29-year-old Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
A court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family.
Peter Schweizer's new book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road, he says.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," one woman says.
A video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field.
"If one person is in need, we'll all be there for them," a man says.
"It was time to come home," Scott Kelley tells People magazine.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004.
His wife, Genevieve Kelley, turned herself in to authorities last year.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp.
"It's been a really rough day," Susan Reiter tells CNN.
Several companies specialize in bringing hikers to Everest.
Officer Michael Slager's five-year career with the North Charleston Police Department ends.
He resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop.
His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba in September, the Vatican says.
The trip will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries.
Francis is expected to continue his international activism in July.
Mui Thomas was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky.
She has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
Mui's struggle to come to terms with her condition has left her on the brink of suicide.
Don McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million Tuesday.
The song has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in pop music canon.
McLean said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of Buddy Holly.
Two African-American candidates win their wards to make Ferguson 50% black.
Ferguson's population of about 21,000 is 70% black, but the City Council is predominantly white.
Supporters of both candidates say a new day dawned in Ferguson.
UNRWA commissioner-general will make emergency visit to Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott guzzles a glass of beer in seven seconds.
His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
Heather Mack, 19, was sentenced to 10 years in prison for killing her mother.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack's body was found in a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali.
Her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, has been sentenced to 18 years.
An explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe kills at least five people.
The explosion happened after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Security Council discusses humanitarian situation at Russia's behest.
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The possibility would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip.
Pope Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the U.S.
More than 44 million Americans are taking part in a medical ritual: visiting the doctor for an annual exam.
There's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults.
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam.
Former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud dies at 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He led Australia into an era of world dominance as a player.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper.
Her quest has uncovered a fascinating collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
The note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government"
Peter Bergen: Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's constitution.
He says U.S. policy has adopted the Saudi-Gulf narrative on Yemen.
The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
A partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors.
It was the first time the probe had been used.
Robert Durst is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when he was shot.
Scott's lawyer says he has not received the cooperation that the media has.
Video shows the officer shooting Scott several times in the back as he runs away.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" fetches $137,000 at an auction.
The outfit was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of the movie's memorabilia.
James Tumblin bought the outfit in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company.
A family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer's Facebook page.
"I lost my best friend. The father of my unborn child," Sierra Sharry says.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader says.
"It's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks," Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says.
Police pulled up to a flipped over car on a New Jersey roadway.
The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious.
They scrambled to save her, while a police dash cam rolled.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember Walker.
New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world.
Opened to the public in 2005, the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area.
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game.
She was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Freddie Gray's death has raised questions about police use of force.
The 25-year-old was arrested by police on April 12.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, unveils new livery.
Adventure Time is centered around psychedelic characters like the Ice King and Marceline the Vampire Queen.
The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme.
John Avlon: National Get Tested Month is morphing into National get tested month.
Avlon: Freedom to test won't save money, but advertising will drive up the volume of testing.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike in January.
He appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda.
Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
"Pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers.
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "Nao," a customer service robot that answers basic questions.
Irwin Horwitz wrote an email to his students accusing them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"
"I did what I did without any intention of seeing this in the news or seeing this on the Internet," he says.
A Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators he was among 950 people on board the boat.
He tells investigators that smugglers locked the doors of the boat, prosecutors say.
Maltese authorities say around 50 of 700 people on the boat have been saved.
The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee triggers a violent chain of events.
The boy was struck and killed by a GMC van, according to Milwaukee police.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
Frida Ghitis: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
The Taliban are fractured, young men disillusioned and angry.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City in 1979.
His disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago.
A brood of baby ducks caused a stir on a D.C. street.
Some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them.
One duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time.
Loretta Lynch will be the nation's top law enforcement officer.
She will have the power to withhold federal funds from local departments.
The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in the atmosphere.
The original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth's atmosphere.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates says he mistook his firearm for a stun gun.
Sheriff's office denies any records have been forged.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice.
He says the magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
A photo shows a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground.
It looks like it was a tornado.
There have been no reports of deaths.
Ahmed Farouq died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
He was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
CyArk is a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
The company uses a portable, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar.
It accurately maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the crash site, a police official says.
The crash killed all 150 people on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after trying to convince jurors that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
The focus today is on those lost at sea.
Italy is grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall.
Ferguson and North Charleston police shootings bear only mild resemblance.
What's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston?
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
Aircraft must enter the SFRA through specific flight "gates" that are displayed on a standard aviation map.
Aircraft on instrument flight rule flight plans are not required to comply with SFRA restrictions.
Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges.
He is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument.
The survivor is Cle Sloan, 51, who in testimony this week declined to identify Knight as his attacker.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
The tell-all will look at the rise of the cast of "Full House"
It will explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high.
The Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
In 1989, a flight crew aboard a Hercules named Teal 57 saved the crew of a hurricane hunter.
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries.
For the first time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
Richard Dysart played law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California.
V. Stiviano has been ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts.
Shelly Sterling accused Donald Sterling of targeting wealthy older men.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Paramedics were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT Tuesday.
Mitchell's best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me" and "Free Man in Paris"
Hundreds of people have been confirmed dead in Nepal after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake.
Many people are too scared to go back inside any buildings, including men and women racing to rescue those trapped.
A UNICEF communication officer was on the ground at the time of the quake.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, were killed.
The couple led a youth ministry in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10.
A microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.
It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children.
Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters.
The Guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers, whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations.
Jesus community had a common purse because they needed money to survive.
PG&E is ordered to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
The company's chief executive officer says it is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
At least 54 people have died and 15 are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
Of the people on board, 78 were Russians.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
They've developed a new IT weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders.
Iraqi forces take control of the northern city of Tikrit.
They find vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped.
Officials fear the militiamen might take "scorched earth" reprisals.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
Another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Günter Grass is best known for his novel "The Tin Drum"
He focused much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
He has sparked controversy in the last decade.
Barney Frank was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex.
Dean Obeidallah: Frank's "we're winning" declaration was oddly timed, too.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013.
She was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball.
Hill helped raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group The Cure Starts Now.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Since Saudi Arabia began aerial raids March 26, it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes.
The U.S. drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
Peter Bergen: There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days.
He was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express on his ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean.
The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville.
There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance.
Her killing broke hearts for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS.
It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged.
Native American actors walk off the set of Adam Sandler's "The Ridiculous Six"
They say the script is insulting to Native Americans and women.
Sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He was nominated to be foreign minister by Ahmadinejad's successor.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
She started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her.
Schwartz: "Kids can share what they feel comfortable with"
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store.
Study: "Double Falsehood" was written by Shakespeare himself with help from friend John Fletcher.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
They created a "psychological signature" of each author based on word choices, phrase patterns.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she won't slack off on her calls for breaking up banks.
Julian Zelizer: Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority.
CNN's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg debate in UK election.
Nigel Farage of UKIP, Nicola Sturgeon of Scottish National Party and Leanne Wood of Plaid Cymru.
David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband.
President Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
David Frum: The body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas.
The Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China.
The plane is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
Pilot Bertrand Piccard and engineer Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying the plane.
Hillary Clinton's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign.
The speculation will be greater than in the area of foreign policy, certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign.
French prosecutor says he's not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that a cell phone video was recovered from a phone at the crash site.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression, airline says.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime.
He was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace in Mogadishu.
A woman and a boy are among the dead, police say.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described Yarmouk as "the deepest circle of hell"
Jihad Ya'qoub, the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee, was born on March 30.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Varvara's journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website.
Julian Zelizer: Britt McHenry's comments about a towing company employee made me bring it up.
Zelizer: McHenry showed that she forgot "golden rule" lessons from childhood.
Kate Parker shot daily images of her daughters to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he is approaching HEAVEN.
He says he has part of the funding secured, although he says he can't yet disclose where the money is coming from.
Canavero hopes to get the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation opens in rural central Florida.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live there, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
Center is focused on breeding the animals, trying to figure out how to keep them from going extinct.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed by two disaffected young Americans.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz.
The boy's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was in 1973.
The nominations were announced Tuesday morning.
Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery"
The awards are set to be handed out June 7.
Gao Yu, 71, is sentenced to seven years in prison.
Her lawyer says she will appeal the verdict.
The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9"
Mexico defends the move, saying it followed proper protocol.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org.
"My flight is not a secret," the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post.
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan says Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
Two Bundaberg residents, 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman, each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel.
The government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest.
But a handful of people repeated the family's message.
They became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police.
Jury deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson Lesa Strachan says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man.
The suit said he pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed and choked him.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900.
He has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
A wave of deadly attacks against African migrants is being heard loudly throughout social media.
Blue Bell ice cream temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination.
Public health officials warn consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty.
"There is no evening of the scales. There is no point of trying to hurt him as he hurt," attorney David Bruck says.
A deadlocked jury would result in an automatic life sentence for Tsarnaev.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested overnight in Chicago.
Authorities had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday.
He jumped a correctional officer, then took off with the guard's uniform and SUV.
Actress Alyssa Milano was on a trip with her husband.
Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
Milano said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week, I'm horrified by the story of Lot in Genesis.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3.
The trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame.
Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011.
Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is an important ally of the United States.
One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri.
The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m.
The renewed tensions in Ferguson follow rioting in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence.
They have focused on his dead older brother, portraying Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
The replica will ply across the Atlantic for 27 days en route to Yorktown, Virginia.
Jeremy Renner was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in "Avengers"
"When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong," judge says.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also get seven years on probation.
Baxter had come under fire for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.
He has visited the country twice in his first year in office.
Orioles and Red Sox game postponed in Baltimore due to "ongoing public safety issues"
David Frum: Baseball's sense of nostalgia encompassed by places like Camden Yards does not sit well with African Americans.
South African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence.
Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday.
A Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
The Pentagon says the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland.
Ben and Shelby Offrink were married and raising two small children in Michigan.
Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Ben is now on generalized chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He has a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay.
Edwin Sabuhoro is a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
He volunteered to infiltrate poachers by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed.
It's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
She posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.
The clinic fired Lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times.
It's unclear what happened before Scott ran, or why he ran.
"We're in a new era," Gov. Jerry Brown says.
The 25% cut in water use amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
A staggering 11 trillion gallons are needed for California to recover from the emergency.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Most of the park service's 407 sites are free year-round.
The park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #NationalParkWeek.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
He was 16 at the time of the shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student.
Luna will be formally sentenced in June.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies.
Some organizations have set up recruitment drives online, featuring applications for foreign fighters.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January.
Bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban.
Fines start at $50.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery.
The group says it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
Iraqi government security officials deny that claim.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel.
The 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is Friday.
Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
Some scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide.
The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
The taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
Stan Freberg was the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials.
Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
"Weird Al" Yankovic called him a major influence on his career.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias.
Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
"Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," she says.
Crew of alleged poaching vessel rescued by conservationists.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner have apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
They were asked about Black Widow's flirtations with other superheroes.
Fans on social media didn't take it lightly.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of using weapons of mass destruction, conspiracy and aiding and abetting.
His lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals.
David Frum: There has been outrage at the notion that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal.
Google is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks.
This year the company rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
World Health Organization Report confirms 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola in week of April 5.
This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014.
There are more treatment facilities than demand in Liberia and Sierra Leone.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," wounded veteran Nicholas Connole says.
Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix.
A second season will be coming in 2016.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock.
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the quality of student-athlete education.
The NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries"
The plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak.
More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel.
The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury.
Messenger was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling Mercury.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott.
He says if not for the video taken by a bystander, this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha.
Many see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow.
TEPCO deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back.
The video footage contradicts Slager's statement that he felt threatened after Scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches.
The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve says.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton.
Clinton is a big fan of President Obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style.
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on April 12 without incident.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Gray subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years.
His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries.
Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter.
Less than 48 hours ago, Kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably.
U.S. special operations forces rescue 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang was buried for five days under a building that pancaked.
The 15-year-old was wearing a New York shirt and a blue neck brace.
India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen over the last few days.
The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers away.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston says.
A ban on federal funds for syringe services programs was lifted in 1988.
The ban was reinstated in 2010 as part of budget negotiations.
As Kim Kardashian toured Armenia, people began to learn about Armenians.
The genocide is all over the news! That famous lady, Kim Kardashian, has done it!
Three Orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiring to commit kidnapping.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler also convicted.
The men were arrested in October 2013 following an FBI sting operation.
NEW: Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people have minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off.
Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident.
President Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro meet in Panama.
Ruben Navarrette: Obama has had unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits.
He says the U.S. has been losing ground in this increasingly important region.
Chad Bernstein's Guitars Over Guns program pairs middle-school students with professional musicians.
Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours.
The agency says it is evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places.
Giovanni Lo Porto was abducted in January 2012.
He was working on a reconstruction project in Pakistan.
Two years later, he was killed by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Li Lifei, 26, has been trying to buy a Volkswagen Tiguan for six months.
He says he doesn't want to use a huangniu, or middleman, to obtain the coveted registration.
Many Chinese drivers haven't wholeheartedly embraced the concept of a hybrid car.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee at a North Carolina college.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reports.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
She is unconscious but expected to survive, police say.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices.
Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound.
Through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user.
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's youngest billionaire.
He started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15.
His Mara Group spans over 20 countries.
Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Virgin Galactic.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza.
The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175.
"We sold it as we would sell an iron door," Rabea Darduna says.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional.
Some Armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire.
The fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Joseph Kent was arrested after a citywide curfew went into effect.
His lawyer says he is still trying to get in touch with his client after he was released.
Madonna kissed rapper Drake at the Coachella music festival.
Drake appeared less than enthused after the kiss.
The rapper clarified his reaction on Instagram.
Maysak is now a tropical storm.
It's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the safety of the deputies and their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when he was shot.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of a visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip.
Kim could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
A waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe.
Key publicly apologized to the waitress after she complained about his behavior.
Jamal al-Labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says.
He is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days, official says.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in U.S. history, we are still experiencing.
The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry.
Deion Sanders Jr. called out his son on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts"
The elder Sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered in the streets of Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group.
Residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400.
In Guatemala, nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed.
Gender-based violence is at epidemic levels, according to the United Nations.
Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, state news agency reports.
Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff.
Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States, was chairman of PR1MA Malaysia.
The 14-year-old was arrested in Blackburn, Lancashire.
He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, an Australian law enforcement operation.
The acts of terror were planned for Anzac Day on Friday.
Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies before his aviation career, prosecutor's spokesman says.
Medical records reveal Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy.
Lubitz, 27, passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, source says.
Kathmandu is not as visual as the Haiti earthquake of 2010.
There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water.
People are hanging out in public squares to avoid rubble from buildings.
"We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says.
More than 100 people are arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Police in Malegaon, western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for cattle.
Residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features'
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds.
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go"
At least six people have been killed this week in attacks against foreigners.
Zimbabweans make up about 4% of the total population.
A huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific has grown this year.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
Some marine species are exploring the warmer waters, leading some fish to migrate hundreds of miles.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell.
The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest.
Don McLean's "American Pie" is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock.
The 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song's lyrics is sold for $1.2 million to an unnamed buyer.
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans.
The charity Gift of the Givers says about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand's military seized power last May.
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain.
She married John Lennon in 1962 and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles.
Near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry.
The epidemic of myopia amongst East Asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems.
The death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches.
The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
Frida Ghitis: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
She says the group has gained territory, cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of Sunnis.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the Baiji refinery.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility, posting images online that purported to back up the claim.
The coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area over the past nine days.
Rishi Khanal was rescued after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble.
Khanal, 27, had just undergone surgery and was resting, surrounded by family and friends.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake struck.
Millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should make the announcement.
He says Clinton is trying to portray herself as a woman of the people.
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack, Interior Minister says.
Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
"In the time of shooting," one survivor says, "they skipped me"
Hatton Garden heist is not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins.
Many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions.
Inside information is one way of identifying a criminal opportunity, using people who are able to provide that crucial detail.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day.
Customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers"
The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco.
Thorpe's background was not in photojournalism, but in landscape photography.
Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
Ruben Navarrette: Paul's record makes it very clear that his views are outdated.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
It was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget.
The dialogue alone has been widely quoted.
The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience.
The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie.
The movie won't begin shooting until this summer.
Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says about 900 refugees have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke on "Somebody's Gotta Do It"
The founder of Living Lands & Waters wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution.
He will be shipped to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center, one of the most high-tech jails in the U.S.
Aaron Hernandez's defense wraps up its witnesses in less than a day.
Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Much of the evidence in the case is circumstantial.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
His opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans.
Sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
"The Wonder List" is the final episode of its first season.
The series focuses on the Everglades in South Florida.
Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day.
The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit.
Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted.
He fell into a well 150,000 years ago.
Scientists hope they will be able to sequence his DNA.
Anthony Stokes died after his car hit a pole, police say.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery.
Police say there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a jewelry heist.
The thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable.
O'Malley was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama.
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated.
The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him.
Indonesian court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
Lawyers for the pair had argued President Joko Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dujardin says Valegro "just loves his job" as she cements her status as a dressage legend.
World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious equestrian titles.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold.
The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957.
It has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks at annual Q&A session.
Putin defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran.
Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denied the allegations in January.
South Korean intelligence agents say Kim Jong Un has executed 15 officials so far this year.
A lawmaker says he has been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service.
The nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations is not immediately clear.
Providenciales in Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island.
Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year.
Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son.
"Odin was the backbone of the family," his mother says.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus.
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity.
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men were charged.
Ted Cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state.
He's counting on Iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward.
Evangelicals make up a large segment of Iowa's Republican voter bloc.
Russia cancels Kim's trip to Moscow to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War II.
It's possible that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position.
This week is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
Paul Bettany is set to play the Vision in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel.
Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil"
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya.
In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants.
Joss Whedon is accused of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods.
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard.
He's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
NATO's Joint Warrior war games are underway off Britain's coast.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at a Las Vegas resort.
He was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather.
Julian Zelizer: Affleck had every right to ask for the information about a long-deceased distant relative.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, when she tried to repel a bee.
The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
Authorities say the paths along Yuma canals are popular for joggers and bicyclists.
South Carolina police officer Michael Slager is charged with first-degree murder.
Video shows Walter Scott running away with his back to police.
Slager is also "terminated" from the force, North Charleston mayor says.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gave a historic address to the U.S. Congress.
Peter Bergen: Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history.
He says Abe is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of national interest.
The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building.
The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing.
The 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires is the deadliest terror attack in Argentina's history.
French-language TV5Monde loses control of one of its 11 channels.
Network's director says network was "hacked by an Islamist group"
Network has regained control of its channels and social media outlets.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies.
Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby says prosecutors have the "toughest job in America"
Mosby, 35, is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
She is married to Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The cult 1990s television show was set to return in 2016.
Showtime Network released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their lawyer says.
They were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou a few days before International Women's Day.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of Lagunita.
He and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Det. Ian Cyrus is suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000.
Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau.
Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, a spokesman says.
The attack killed four Somali soldiers and eight civilians, a Somali official says.
Police chief says officer's actions were justified.
Mario Valencia, 36, is charged with armed robbery and assault.
Valencia's attorney says "it is miraculous that my client isn't dead"
Boston Marathon runners begin their run Monday.
David Frum: With the luxury of time and healing, the city has moved on.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
The battle with Al-Shabaab is not a new one, and every attempt at countering them has only helped stall the inevitable.
The nation's top stories will be unfolding Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
In Louisville, Kentucky, Sen. Rand Paul announced he will run for president.
Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two Shia Muslim opponents.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday.
The law will take effect in six months.
It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.
Hawaii's legislature passes a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco.
The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Thirty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older.
As the Great Kate Wait drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate.
As with all things relating to the monarchy, there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds.
The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low"
The virus doesn't like warm weather or strong sunlight.
Mohamed Badie and 13 others are sentenced to death by hanging.
They face charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities.
One of those sentenced to life in prison was Mohamad Soltan.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
The National Weather Service says a tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri.
The governors of Arkansas and Indiana were caught off-guard by the public outrage.
Peter Bergen: For the past three decades, socially conservative evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
He didn't reveal, however, whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
The jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel, making Arias eligible for the death penalty.
A study by We the People found 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
The U.S. is failing its partners, says David Frum.
Violent extremists are making troubling gains, he says.
Frum: Congress must step in and develop a dedicated program.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The EPA is investigating whether the family was made ill after a fumigation.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer in 1994.
He said Dahmer would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home.
She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam.
Sitoula's husband says he called out for help for hours after the quake.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children.
Lazar: "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering"
Many of the survivors broke down in tears during his interviews.
The Virginia Supreme Court said in Jordan v. Kollman that libel cannot be either true or false.
The identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
Keefe died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
Google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents.
Peter Bergen: Waze poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata.
It was carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians.
Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa.
"The Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement.
In 2014 alone, the biggest meatpackers and their trade groups spent a combined $4.3 million on lobbyists.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish"
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Iran's recognition of Israel's right to exist is a mistake.
Netanyahu has sharpened his rhetoric in recent days, saying the deal increases the risk of a "horrific war"
Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth.
Bobby Drake, aka Iceman, is gay.
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
Dean Obeidallah: U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical.
He says Iran is making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that reduces Iran's power.
Aaron Hernandez is convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd.
Jurors say they came away satisfied with their decision.
"It's a very big decision to make," one juror says.
Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
The ramp agent appeared to be in OK after the ordeal.
NPR's "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians"
Frida Ghitis: It's time to call this persistent meme what it is: a misleading distraction.
Michelle Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street"
Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack.
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film.
Ben Stiller dropped the news by sharing a photo of "Little Penny" Cruz as a child.
Boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will be the last nationally relevant fight for a very long time.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
Two of al Qaeda's leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January, al Qaeda says.
Frida Ghitis: The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of the terror group's bench of leaders.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students.
He turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
The next week, he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder.
Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women’s rights.
For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers, hoisting the victim's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets.
They found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean.
It is the most isolated human settlement on earth, home to just under 270 people.
The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure.
Jay Z tweeted about his new music streaming service, Tidal.
Tidal Facts parody Twitter account was quickly created to offer some "facts"
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in 1942.
It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver.
The sinking was the stuff of legend.
Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews are finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers remain where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
Evidence of what had happened at the dormitory was everywhere.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
Julian Zelizer: Serving people with legal papers is an industry and its own body of law.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis.
The Houthis have taken over large swaths of Yemen.
Saudi Arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with Saleh's supporters.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, study finds.
Women's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012.
The cost of excessive drinking has been estimated at more than $220 billion per year.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend the event, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Showjumping comes here for the showbiz -- Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots"
David Frum: Gates missed an opportunity to confront the legacy of slavery.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
The discovery came on the same day a court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese, who view nuclear energy as too dangerous.
HUD: 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both.
HUD is working with local partners across the country to preserve the affordable housing that already exists.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say.
The scheme came to light after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November.
A Somali woman was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility.
The Somali woman's baby, Sabrine, was born a week after she was detained.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen.
"We can help towards reunification with these balloons," says Lee.
Several hundred people gather in Union Square for "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Protesters chant "All night, all day, we're gonna fight for Freddie Gray" in Washington.
In Los Angeles, six people protesting against police brutality were arrested Monday night.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days.
Many immigrants fear they'll be attacked if they go to work.
President Jacob Zuma has postponed an overseas visit.
J.J. Abrams and the cast of "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" gave an emotional presentation.
The trailer ended in a big way, with Han Solo and Chewbacca having apparently arrived after a flight on the Millennium Falcon.
There's less CGI than in the prequels.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Full physical screening of employees "is incapable of determining a person's motivations," report says.
TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announces immediate actions, including criminal background checks.
Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
One person may have died, official says.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, 88, died Thursday, his family says.
He was a televangelist and founder of the television ministry "Hour of Power"
Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore.
Four workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico.
Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started.
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris.
"Today we all share the same pain," Braham says to the assembled crowd.
A New York Police Department detective apologizes for an angry exchange with an Uber driver.
The incident was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment.
"No good cop can watch that without a wince," police commissioner says.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
The ship survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on "The Partridge Family"
She died Monday at home in Laughlin, Nevada.
Four rainbows stretched across the sky in the early morning sky Tuesday.
"It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," says the CEO of a fashion company.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signs a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
Supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step.
Opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops," government says.
Thousands seek refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
"Africa opened its doors and became a home away from home for many South Africans," charity says.
A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank, a local government spokesman says.
The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, he says.
Buhari says he will "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast.
He says he's not concerned about reconciling the nation after a divisive campaign.
The opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections.
Aftershocks have continued to strike an already traumatized city.
The Kasthamandap temple had caved in.
Locals were searching for survivors, but progress was slow.
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto.
If approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee.
Bi Fujian is a popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire.
He was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years.
The 75-second video clip was seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for "poor choice of words"
Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest"
Kaminsky said Sunday he was "over it"
A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
A predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if sanctions are removed, President Hassan Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's not in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
Iran and six world powers reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit Tehran's nuclear program.
Oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead for 87 straight days.
The federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf.
BP is eager to point out it appears the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings.
The death penalty is on the table.
Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Six police officers were suspended in the wake of Gray's death.
A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol was a suicide, police say.
An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself.
Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks.
Many South Africans took to Twitter to denounce the recent violence.
A surge of refugees this year has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in North and East Africa.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews at Auschwitz.
Peter Bergen: The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
Hillary Clinton's campaign video is filled with women working in their gardens, taking care of their kids.
Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present.
The challenge for Clinton is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters.
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
The charge could land him in prison for up to four years if he's found guilty.
Bates' attorney says the shooting was an "excusable homicide"
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack.
Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, says he has reached a breaking point.
"Enough was enough," he says in an email to his strategic management students.
University officials say the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, officials say.
No arrests have been made.
Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, a Saudi source says.
The Saudis appear intent on seeing it through, as evidenced by remarks from Saudi Foreign Minister.
Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
Nepal's neighbor India deploys teams to Kathmandu almost immediately.
Iranian nuclear deal paves way for broader deal by end of June.
President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration must now be over the moon.
Many believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action -- the culmination of a 12-year process.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression.
The grandmother of two was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south.
"If I was really a man, I would not have done this," she told her daughter.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba.
He was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned his bail release on Friday.
Katie Donovan and Dalton Prager met on Facebook.
Dalton has Burkholderia cepacia, a dangerous infection for people with CF.
Katie's pulmonologist lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with CF patients were a bad idea.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour.
It covered 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles) in the time it took you to read the last two sentences.
Lois Lilienstein co-starred on Nickelodeon's "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
Lilienstein died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer.
One cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours.
India produced 40 million bales of cotton in 2013/14 crop year.
Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2.
Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denies that his unit caused any delay.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang"
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
The incident has not been publicly disclosed.
It may have been locally ordered, an official says.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
The Nebraska native, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit.
Baltimore police commissioner says no reports will be made public.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she wants to protect the justice process.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
Initial reaction on social media appeared favorable.
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz's "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin.
Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $500 million.
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board.
The latest report shows that Andreas Lubitz sped up the descent of the plane to its doom.
Jurors find Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police say.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- is still at large.
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness.
"Transparent," about an aging father who begins living as a woman, won two top awards at the Golden Globes.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use.
Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission, with 76 severely wounded.
CNN's John Sutter traveled to Yemen to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
He was met by noise and desperation, shoving and shouting.
Sutter: "Where are you going?" "I'll pay, I'll pay"
The number of deaths at sea has increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year.
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges.
He is accused of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI.
Mohamud is a naturalized U.S. citizen.
Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness"
The original scene was one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film.
"It was time for us to try something new," Obama says.
"We are now in a position to move on a path toward the future," Castro says.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since 1979.
But a top Iranian sports official says that the ban will be lifted for some events.
The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
He won an Oscar for best original song, which he shared with John Legend.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services, was also fined $804,000.
Raju and nine others were convicted of cheating, criminal conspiracy, breach of public trust and other charges.
A complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna.
DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel, specifically a "Tulu"
Taylor Swift reveals that her mother has cancer.
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
An Alaska Airlines employee asked her how she was doing.
Sedway responded by saying she sometimes felt weak.
Roseanne Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The two eye diseases get progressively worse over time and can steal vision.
There is no cure for either disease.
Hillary Clinton launched her campaign with a video, new logo and road trip.
Ruben Navarrette: It's hard to deny that the image it projects of Hillary is more confident, fresher and forward-looking.
Davion Navar Henry Only spent his entire life in foster care.
A minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them.
But he got into a fight with one of their sons and they sent him back to Florida.
Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series.
The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played D.J. Tanner in the original series.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
As many as 400 migrants have been lost at sea, according to the International Organization for Migration.
A small group of migrants in Augusta, Sicily, were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend.
U.S. is a global leader in innovation, job creation, education, social mobility, literacy and child health.
Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
"I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm," Netanyahu says.
Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran.
Ronen Ziv's unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu.
Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan.
An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded.
No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
Saudi Arabia executes a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta.
Indonesia is facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row.
Human Rights Watch calls on Indonesia to suspend all planned executions in Indonesia.
The shootings were connected, authorities say.
The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau.
A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
WWF report: The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse.
Fisherman: Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its continued health.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
Hassan Rouhani says his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal.
The deal sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
She is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents.
"The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
Comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
The third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking against his native country.
A 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop.
One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are the sisters of Faarrow.
The sisters were forced to flee Mogadishu after war broke out in 1991.
They are now embarking on a musical journey, gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
Koch Industries is removing from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions.
David Frum: These policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to job-seekers.
Corinthian Colleges Inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses.
Dean Obeidallah: For-profit colleges offer dubious degrees, saddle students with high amounts of debt.
He says colleges get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money.
Online activity has emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving disaffected voices to post online.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic.
The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean.
"We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," an American activist says.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev will leave the show at the end of this season.
"I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead," she said.
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
Kim Jong Un is expected to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home.
The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s.
Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
Two weeks ago ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, and that made life for those still inside even worse.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
There are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked her last fashion-show runway this week.
Stephen Hawking and Monty Python recreate the "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life"
Les Moonves' waiter offered Moonves an "in" to Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.
Gabriel Salvador says he was driven by his passion to see the fight happen.
The May 2 fight is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14 for murder.
He was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
The photographer had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him.
West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
President Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became president.
David Frum: Negotiations have unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire"
Blackwater workers Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were sentenced to 30 year each.
Michael Slager, a white police officer, killed an unarmed black man after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Dean Obeidallah: The event raises broad, troubling questions about how often such incidents take place.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" in a speech to commemorate a century since the Armenian massacre.
He cited a document signed by the former pontiff and the head of the Armenian church.
The Pope has helped broker a detente between the United States and Cuba.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago.
Turkey recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations"
Armenians are equally upset, when Turkey protests it.
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged.
The others have already gone home.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March.
French-language TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack"
The network's director says it was "hacked by an Islamist group"
There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line.
"We were so in love and happy together," she tells a federal jury.
The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
"Funk!" logs a 13th week atop the Digital Songs chart with 165,000 downloads sold.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone.
Migrants have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
Italy has been sanctioned by the European Union for not fingerprinting new arrivals.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
He's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Organizers say this year, public interest is especially strong.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Peter Bergen: Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala.
The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs, including people who were subjects.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Jordan Spieth becomes second-youngest winner of Masters at Augusta.
The 21-year-old equals Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth says he misses his sister Ellie, who was not able to attend the tournament.
American player Michael Chang was 118 days younger than Becker when he won the French Open.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak to Congress Wednesday.
David Frum: Abe's appearance has garnered much less attention than Netanyahu's speech.
He says the TPP is a potentially massive free trade agreement involving the U.S., Japan and 10 other Pacific-facing nations.
U.S. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases.
But it is how Washington wants this to be.
They are near Jalalabad, at a regional logistics hub for the Afghan police force.
President Obama and Cuban counterpart Raul Castro met Friday night.
The two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the United States' list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president.
She says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Warren says she has watched both Ted Cruz and Rand Paul vote in Congress.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
She is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was to include 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
The center was to provide behavioral health counseling, support services for people and families with HIV and AIDS.
Community leaders say it was also spurred by lasting issues with young African-Americans in the city.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," Obama says.
Iranian state television broadcast Obama's speech live, something many Iranians describe as unprecedented.
"We have serious differences with the United States," Iran's foreign minister says.
Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do.
"My only wish is to set the record straight about the past," she says.
Several of the world's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of Sharia law.
Christians aren't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
Writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle.
At least two of the big action scenes are lackluster.
Linda Thompson says Bruce Jenner has the "soul of a female"
She says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
The two met at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more at the box office this weekend.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
April 25 is the perfect date for "Miss Congeniality"
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi, an Iraqi provincial official says.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an official says.
The northern Ramadi districts of Albu Faraj, Albu Essa and Albu Risha were in the hands of ISIS by the day.
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray get into physical altercations with police.
Some get into shoving matches with helmeted cops while other demonstrators throw objects.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist.
The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs.
Toya Graham pulled her son away from the scene of a riot.
The video of Graham yanking young Michael from a group of protesters went viral.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists.
They face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The detention of Wei Tingting has drawn harsh criticism from the international community.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots.
Malala Yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the kidnapped girls.
The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban.
She calls on the Nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls.
French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says.
He was best known for his role Geoffrey Barone on "Everybody Loves Raymond"
Consumer Reports collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest U.S. airlines on domestic routes.
Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad.
April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Malala Yousafzai.
The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
The Atlanta Hawks guard/forward suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested last week after leaving a New York nightclub.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy or credibility of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
David Frum: We share an unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change.
He says President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard joined a California lawsuit last month seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients.
Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker.
Carlsberg City will be 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space.
The area won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" comes out Monday morning.
It features even more of star Chris Pratt.
"Grace of Monaco" is heading straight to Lifetime.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
It was originally scheduled for release in late 2013.
Fatu Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing her nursing degree in Liberia.
Her mother, father, sister and cousin came down with the deadly Ebola virus.
Kekula is now learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow Liberians.
Experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot.
The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
Pilots' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot's training and perhaps unconventional thinking actually saved lives.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate.
Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday.
Same-sex partners registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
Supporters of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County sheriff says.
"They love to get in the big field and go like a son of a gun," owner says.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe.
From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the Italian coast guard.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
Consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
Some businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city.
"We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner says.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon.
They pay homage to the '80s on stage and homage to their heritage in an ironic way.
The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence signed a 30-day executive order that allows for a needle exchange.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
The authors of the study say it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain.
University of Michigan cancels screening of "American Sniper"
Some students say the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards, eight years after they killed 17 Iraqi civilians, is a positive step for justice.
But ISIS has been using Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq.
"Daredevil" streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock.
Early risers on Twitter praised the show.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Burger King will pay for Joel Burger and Ashley King's wedding.
The couple met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois.
German police arrest a man and a woman on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack.
The suspected target, according to a terrorism researcher, was a race planned for Friday.
A pipe bomb was recovered near Frankfurt, police say.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show.
Channing Tatum twerked for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria.
The Palestinian refugee camp was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Jury resumes deliberations Wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday.
Defense lawyer James Sultan laid it out for the Massachusetts jury in closing arguments.
Prosecutors portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Video shows mom smacking her son in the head repeatedly.
The woman is seen pulling her son away from a crowd.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department.
A section of a fiberglass boat was spotted off Oregon's coast this week.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11, 2011.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Ella Jones and Wesley Bell will double the African-American representation on council.
Obama has argued with the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Dean Obeidallah: What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Hundreds of police and soldiers have been killed in militant attacks in the past months.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
LZ Granderson: The 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage," President-elect Muhammadu Buhari says.
The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014.
They were between 16 and 18 years old.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
One lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.
In Ravi Opi, 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable.
The Girl Scouts' leadership knows of the dangers, says Dr. John Sutter.
Sutter: There is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fats.
A reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest.
He instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft.
The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds of supplies.
This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
The actual scene of the Crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel.
Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
David Frum: Not all "warrants" are created equal; there is something Dickensian in our remedy for enforcement.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
So far, they've covered about 60% of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner.
The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May.
Jacob Lawrence's "The Migration of the Negro" is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of pre-World War II blacks.
Some people blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
The terrorist group says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission.
Liberland is the world's newest micronation.
It is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
Africa is one of the fastest growing markets for French Champagne and digital televisions.
Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors.
The future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place.
CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances.
A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country.
His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday, April 25.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest of the bunch.
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event.
Johnny Kemp is best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid"
He was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims.
Jia Jiang's book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang started the project after quitting his job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur.
He has been viewed 7 million times on YouTube.
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg claims he ruined race by driving slowly.
Hamilton wins his 35th grand prix in Shanghai.
Vettel finishes third for Ferrari.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed for drug offenses abroad in 2005.
Australia's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott appeared to accept the inevitability of the executions.
Attorney General Eric Holder says "sending prostitutes threatens the core mission" of the department.
The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents attended sex parties with prostitutes.
UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods"
More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence.
Kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, UNICEF says.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
He may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the FDA.
The suit alleges that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female.
The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
Maltese PM: "Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint"
Two survivors arrested on suspicion of human trafficking, police officer says.
Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
Airport management is still chaotic, with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies effectively.
Miami-Dade police set up a hidden camera in a plane to catch luggage thieves.
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables.
John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members.
The change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency"
Ron Lane, a longtime employee at Wayne Community College, was killed Monday.
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, has tattoos on his face.
Authorities are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang.
A New Jersey auction house removes items from its April 17 event.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted.
ISIS releases more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq's north last summer.
"We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue" Facebook group seeks to get rid of "ugly" statue.
"This statue in Celoron is not fixable," Facebook group founder says.
Mayor Scott Schrecengost says he does not care for the statue.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd pleads guilty to threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year.
Rudd previously denied all allegations.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
A majority of them are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents, but a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers.
There have been stories of survival, of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster.
"There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
Laura Bernardini has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
She has committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets.
It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement.
Many of the candidates are already starting to make mistakes.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree near a student union.
The university didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws.
Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
The U.S. is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet its national security obligations, says John Sutter.
Sutter: The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Eco-friendly car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts.
In Zaria, a team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University are currently applying the final touches to the "ABUCAR 2"
The compact creation, which was built over five months, will travel to The Netherlands in May to compete in the European leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina emerge.
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A. Law"
He also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's "That Championship Season"
Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouts into a megaphone.
Baltimore police release the names of six suspended with pay officers.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War.
Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
A Syrian woman and her two sons were smuggled into the Mediterranean by a smuggler.
They were told that if they didn't walk faster, the boat would leave without them.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo shrugs off the diplomatic recall.
Twenty years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
David Frum: The bombing exposed something new: American citizens targeting their own government.
A mom wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: Honey Lemon and GoGo.
A licensing manager for Springs Creative responded that the company has found that boys don't want girl characters on their things.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies.
The exact cause of Friday's blast is under investigation.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy.
The GOP establishment is putting a priority on candidate recruitment and hoping to build on its 2014 successes.
The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s.
Wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the Los Angeles riots.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny.
When she returned home to Palm Beach, Australia, Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner.
A U.N. official says the boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily.
The sinking appears to be the worst among an intensifying spate of migrant boat disasters.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday, right between Good Friday and Easter Sunday and during Passover.
Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
In Haiti in 2010, well over 100,000 people are thought to have been killed by the shaking.
Same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday.
The Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the framers' intentions.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
The emails were discovered during a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice.
The emails make offensive references to President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and Muslims and minorities.
O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879.
A paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study.
Comedian Chris Rock posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman says.
Burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto focuses on "solares" in Cuba.
Many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
Sandretto hopes to continue to document the changes on the island as the United States and Cuba work to restore diplomatic relations.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, exactly one week after being taken into police custody.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges police are involved in a cover-up.
Gray's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects.
A 1,850-acre wildfire burns nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread.
Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi, which lies only about 70 miles west of Baghdad.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday.
David Frum: The debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain.
The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May.
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak, part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings.
20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were shot in southeastern India.
Alfred Taubman helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls.
Taubman was renowned for his attention to detail, knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls in the United States.
Jason Rezaian was arrested in July on unspecified allegations.
He will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said.
The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub.
Two Atlanta Hawks were among those arrested, according to police and CNN affiliates.
The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said.
Charles Alasholuyi is a marketing professional and father-of-three.
He has taken time nearly every day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag.
"We should all feel shame," he says.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended the 30-year-old running back in November over allegations he disciplined his son.
Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November.
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last.
Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary.
The band will play two shows in Pero's honor.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement during the Masters.
Yoga-based moves address key areas of the swing.
Sammy Griner, 8, is the Internet's most famous baby.
His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
A GoFundMe campaign is already a success.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move, their lawyer says.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
John Travolta says he has not seen HBO's new documentary "Going Clear"
The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
Larry Johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight.
"There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," he says.
The FAA initially reported a pressurization problem with the flight.
The Senate passes a Medicare reform bill 92 to 8.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party.
Vaccari is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman says.
The film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period.
He took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times to use a handgun.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic.
The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event"
The special will be filmed in advance and not air live.
Cambodia's traumatized society is beginning to undertake the fraught business of reckoning with their history.
The Khmer Rouge's attempts to reboot society at "Year Zero" had involved a concentrated effort to exterminate the country's educated classes.
The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
The probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30.
Pope Francis addresses the world at the end of Easter Mass.
He asks that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
Jae Rockwell, founder of her local women's fitness groups, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable.
She traveled to Little Rock, Arkansas, to run a marathon.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet.
The show is currently set to end after seven years.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months.
Miracles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate.
An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
The FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed.
Gunmen attack the Garissa University College in Kenya, killing nearly 150 people.
Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the attack.
The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region.
Bishop Robert Finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse.
He was put on two years' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine.
The Kansas City-St. Joseph diocese has a new leader.
This week is the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Turkey denies this history.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She was 91.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled.
This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
In his obituary, his family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent.
Hinton walked out of a county jail in Birmingham on Friday.
The five women were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday.
They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation.
Blue Bell Creameries recalled all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats.
The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems.
A 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found at Crater of Diamonds State Park.
It's the 122nd diamond found at the park this year.
Park staff regularly plow the area to bring more diamonds to the surface.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident.
His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million.
The former rap mogul faces up to life in prison if convicted.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta condemns "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind"
Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped perform a craniotomy on a young patient.
The girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood.
She urgently needs surgery to remove the clots on her brain.
The first six "Star Wars" movies will be available for digital HD on Friday.
The collection of the first six movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
Warren Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan.
Gunmen posed as neighbors, offered food and then pistol-whipped the American aid worker.
Weinstein's wife says she is still searching for answers.
Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces, state-run news agency IRNA reports.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claims responsibility for the attack.
Pakistan condemns the attack, calling it an "act of terrorism"
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
The video shows two groups of men being killed at different locations in Libya.
The body of a 3-year-old girl was found at the family's home.
The girl's mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm.
Police are seeking the parents of five other children.
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing in 2005.
He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful daughter and a bank account.
Gricar's computer and hard drive were found in a river.
Robert Bates, 73, says he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Bates says in a video of the shooting.
Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
"I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this," Rebekah Gregory says.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon in 2013.
Richard Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke.
His all-TIME top 100 movies list contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo"
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign.
The airstrikes targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa.
Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26.
Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law.
The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce.
Santorum: "Tolerance is a two-way street"
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December.
A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
The person responsible is the man's mother, who on Sunday faced a host of charges.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners.
Nearly 2½ million Americans are in prison; over 65 million people have criminal records.
Politicians should consider reducing nonviolent offenses from felonies to misdemeanors.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month.
But the Obama administration should learn another lesson from history: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
"This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it," Anuradha Koirala says.
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw a fallen tree.
Warnock scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver, who appeared to be in shock.
"I grabbed my Snap-on multi-tool and it had jagged edges on each end," Warnock says.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
The gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it.
Photographer Laurence Rasti used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees.
Despite their status, they cannot earn a living in Turkey and it take years to get papers to go to a new country.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
"I didn't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless," she says.
"The Crawler in the Dark" is a new sci-fi horror movie set in Japan's Meiji era.
YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces," where "creators" have access to professional studios.
The most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks.
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year.
The "push factor" is much greater than the "pull" of Europe, expert says.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas shines a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
Frida Ghitis: Pope Francis has reawakened my faith.
She says the Pope's tone is appealing, but it's more than that.
The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied.
Executions were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed legal challenges.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband are still happily married.
She began an affair with her 13-year-old student in 1996.
Letourneau went on to serve more than seven years in prison.
Percy Sledge died of natural causes, a coroner says.
He had been in hospice care for cancer.
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music.
Erika Langhart was 24 when she collapsed on the floor of her Phoenix apartment.
She was put on blood thinners, put on a breathing machine.
A year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life.
New NYPD training materials to be approved by federal judge.
Instructions include "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan.
David Frum says EPA's modeling is divorced from reality.
He says EPA assumes nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050.
Italian authorities say they have launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation"
Some suspects had discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
One-third of Huntley High School's 2,700 students are enrolled.
Blended learning allows teachers to write the curriculum.
Students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days.
Sally Kohn: Nepal has made remarkable progress on maternal and child health.
Kohn: It will take time and help to rebuild Nepal after this tragedy.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after his arrest.
It's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
#RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March.
"This isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," says Steve Hofmeyr, a singer.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year.
The biggest unknown is what happens next, now that the initial rumbles of the quake have passed.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani says Japan's Air Self Defense Force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
He entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013.
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
She tells Heranus' story in an evocative memoir titled "My Grandmother"
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "mask its true purpose"
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing.
The film is being produced by CBS Films.
Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common.
Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run.
Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia.
Mary Jane Veloso's family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison.
The Filipina maid and mother of two was spared, at least for now.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in her luggage.
71 people are sentenced to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob.
Some of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the bombings.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday, the Turkish military says.
The group included four children, the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
There is something you can do to make an impact.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night.
Eric Church and Keith Urban provided an opening wallop.
Taylor Swift was deep in the heart of Texas for this annual country extravaganza.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
He is convicted in the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez says as he is being transported to a state prison.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
If approved, the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe.
Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion.
William Melendez, 49, is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner.
He is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, Floyd Dent, around the neck.
On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
Frida Ghitis: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies.
Jeffrey Toobin: Why should a courier service like FedEx be held liable for "possessing" what bad guys may send?
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business in their Wisconsin town two years ago.
They were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay.
But people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana.
Kenyan citizens use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave.
The 480 days are paid at 80% of income, with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month.
But there's a catch: Fathers have to share that leave with mothers.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif arrives in Iran on a sunny Friday morning.
"I didn't expect so many people to follow it so closely, but from the result, I can tell everyone was following," an Iranian journalist says.
Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build lie in ashes between Tigris and Euphrates.
Christian communities are united in what Pope Francis has called an "ecumenism of blood"
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
Despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
World Happiness Report: People who live in happiest countries have longer life expectancies.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015.
Iceland jumped from ninth to second place this year.
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
John Sutter: Obesity is becoming a national security issue.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials after being convicted of murder.
He is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub.
Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network," Kenya's Interior Ministry says.
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years.
Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The governor of the Virgin Islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013.
Officials are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Loeb wants to keep the two frozen embryos from their relationship, both female.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces firestorm from critics.
Critics say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
So far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to Anbar province.
The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
"Security is collapsing in the city," one man screams.
Jon "Bones" Jones is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Police say they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Americans on the U.S. no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
Police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.
A 15-year-old has also been arrested.
There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
Five students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah.
The women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.
A tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
They had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment"
Selena's family is creating a "digital embodiment" of her persona.
Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology.
The project is being called "Selena the One"
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her son, Stephen Gage Berry.
The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24.
Cyclist Wang Pingan had his mountain bike stolen just days before completing his epic trip.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered, police say.
The FBI is often successful, but every once in a while, the suspects get away.
Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in a 1981 robbery.
Leo Frederick Burt was part of a group that bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
"With his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States," she wrote.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
The trend is taking off in the U.S. too, with the publication of titles like Lacy Mucklow and Angela Porter's "Color Me Calm"
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director.
The film is set in a besmirched and decaying Detroit.
Gosling's affection for the Motor City is longstanding.
A Wall Street Journal report says North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Peter Bergen says the report is only part of a troubling story.
North Korea could boost its nuclear stockpile by the end of this year, he says.
Britt McHenry posted an apology on Twitter.
McHenry is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months.
Women are spoils of war and rape is a weapon of war.
Women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community, even one whose laws are brutally repressive.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are children who have been set aside"
Baltimore native Kevin Shird: "Thug" is "not like the N-word in my mind"
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president.
Ruben Navarrette: We've long called Clinton by her first name, and her name only.
He says it's important to trust, and respect, Clinton.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
He's charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
The number of people confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218, a government official says.
The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside.
Nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue.
The bronze figure of comedian Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
A border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a security official says.
Charlie Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
Hill, now 65, may extradite himself first, saying the warming of relations between the U.S. and Cuba could mean an end to his "exile"
Hill and two other men were pulled over on I-40 outside Albuquerque in 1971.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai built a prototype house with water.
The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts Gutai has written about.
Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature.
Peter Greste planted Gallipoli rosemary in his backyard.
He says war remembrance is played like it is a zero sum game.
Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.
Vince Neil reminded us again of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner"
The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
ISIS regards pre-Islamic artifacts as relics from the 'period of ignorance', jahiliyah.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3"
The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's 'Tron: Legacy'
The project is now looking to shoot this fall in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano are among the notables.
Erica Kinsman says Jameis Winston raped her in December 2012.
A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
"Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada on CBC TV in 1984.
Crombie played Gilbert Blythe, who evolves over time.
The Apple tablet had all the personal touches.
The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Graffiti written in a French chalk quarry dates back almost 100 years.
Four of almost 2,000 soldiers have recently been found underneath battlefields near Naours, France.
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking"
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday.
There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category.
The cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Tyrese Gibson.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday.
It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi.
Kenyan security forces retaliated with an offensive across the border into Somalia.
Marleni Olivo threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
She had written a message on a mango, "If you can, call me," along with her name and phone number.
Maduro's critics are calling the incident a "manguicidio"
The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January.
Later that month, the court opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories.
As members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line.
The ads will be featured in the company's stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter will be covering climate change for the rest of the year.
He's asking readers to vote on which of these climate change stories they like best.
The poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through France and countries in Central America and Asia.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
"And then suddenly, we felt the aftershock," he tells CNN.
The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot.
Indian air crew and Nepalese army medical team reach remote village of Melamchi.
The mission is only the third of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's quake.
Aid agencies need to do something very quickly, local official says.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she said.
The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested.
Thousands of South Africans took to the streets of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia.
The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Andrew Lesnie worked with Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings" films.
Lesnie won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "The Fellowship of the Ring" trilogy.
Anthony Ray Hinton says he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers"
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified that the revolver used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence.
Patrick Dempsey's character, Dr. Derek Shepherd, dies on "Grey's Anatomy"
Dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene.
Danny Kahneman once helped run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies.
Kahneman: Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well.
Video shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp.
At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing.
Climbers who were higher up Everest appeared to have avoided the deadly avalanche.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
It says many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon.
The U.N. Security Council meets late Saturday morning to discuss the situation.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification.
It can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Laser could also trigger lightning in clouds, within clouds, but not to the ground.
Duke University students and faculty members march Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid"
A noose was found hanging from a tree on campus.
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity in South Gate, California.
She says a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone and smashed it with his foot.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes driver beats rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
Rosberg says he is frustrated by Hamilton's last minute burst of speed.
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by five shots.
Tiger Woods finishes six under par.
Phil Mickelson finishes on eleven under.
Justin Rose finishes second.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
She creates almost no waste.
Six month's worth of garbage is similar to what the average person generates in half a day.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
Many say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
In 2014, legal marijuana was a $700 million industry in Colorado.
The federal government still considers it a Schedule I controlled substance like heroin or LSD.
"Somebody is going to become a mogul," Brian Rogers says.
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Haleigh Cox, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide.
Maickel Melamed, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy.
He completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
There is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back.
More Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting the dangerous trip in rickety fishing boats.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country.
Liana Barrientos, 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College this month, killing 147 people.
Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president.
John Avlon: He is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the nation.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus"
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
He will take over the program in June.
Tapper received rave reviews when he was the interim anchor of ABC's "This Week"
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman suggest unleashing your creative potential.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts. Even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention.
Relaxing outdoor colors such as blue and green contribute to this state.
A grand jury indicts nine members of a criminal syndicate in the Pappy Van Winkle heist.
The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, 45, a loading dock worker at the Buffalo Trace Distillery.
Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Critics say the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
By the end of the week, they had donated more than $842,000 for the business.
LZ Granderson: I was once a cop in Baltimore, and I was heartbroken.
He says cops who weren't there don't know what happened to Freddie Gray.
Granderson: Police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class.
A bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near Garowe, Somalia.
Six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF -- are killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for Monday's attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission.
He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools, results he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base.
The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee.
Bob Greene was a copygirl in his fourth month at the Chicago Daily News.
He was assigned to the city desk to help answer the phones as beat reporters called in to check out for the day.
Greene: "Word of President Roosevelt's death struck Chicago late this afternoon with numbing suddenness"
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates turns himself in to authorities.
He was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
Harris' family says there is a deep-seated problem within the TCSO.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington.
He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
Korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War.
This particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat.
A new way to talk about climate change is emerging.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion.
The impacts of climate change on health will depend on a multitude of factors.
A U.S. official says up to 25,000 Iraqi troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
The Iraqi government and its allies are making progress in their fight against the group that calls itself the Islamic State.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Paddy Power backtracks after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States.
In January, Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the presidency of FIFA.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes treatment, police say.
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person.
The quadriplegic man was left in the woods for more than four days.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo.
McDonnell has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011.
He shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
One of our six suggested things to watch this week.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole for the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd.
Julian Zelizer: It's hard not to feel sadness over such a senseless waste of life for Lloyd and Hernandez.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Mark Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation.
Indiana State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died.
The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis.
It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
Pierce O'Farrill was shot multiple times and collapsed as he tried to escape.
Tom and Caren Teves lost their son, Alex, who was in the theater with his girlfriend.
Sheriff's Office denies allegations in Tulsa World report.
Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris, a suspect in a sting operation, in April.
Bates' attorney says the claims are based on an affidavit from a former employee.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responds to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
In March, Dollar appealed in a video to "friends from around the world" soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 Gulfstream.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
The event was a wonderfully American exercise in tolerance and good humor.
Social media responded to Hillary Clinton's announcement.
There were over 3 million views of her tweets in one hour.
Nearly 12 million parents in the United States are raising kids on their own.
Jody Farley-Berens helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte.
The miniseries had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family and others complained about his inclusion on the memorial wall.
Zuriel Oduwole is one of the world's youngest filmmakers.
She has four documentaries under her belt.
"A Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five African nations.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
The insurance company CEO had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force.
A smuggler in Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
The conversation was recorded using a mobile phone.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
Jill Duggar gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son Monday.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones make her irrational.
Julian Zelizer: If Rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions, she'd be better off worrying about male candidates.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
It will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday.
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities have not been consulted.
EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The movie is set for release August 5, 2016.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari won the presidential election on an anti-corruption platform.
Peter Bergen says the victory shows ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, an undercover officer says.
Bates' actions are attributed to a phenomenon known as "slip and capture"
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night.
Lauren Bacall's art collection goes under the hammer in New York.
The 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million.
Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
Photographer Ernst Haas was a regular on movie sets in the '50s.
Haas' work is as famous as the movies he worked on.
Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
He will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army.
Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Rep. Adam Schiff: Ohio has found a better way to bridge divisions in America.
He says the state has gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating 340,000 new ones.
Mare Nostrum was launched after 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013.
Italy has borne the brunt of the task of picking up, sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants.
In 2014, 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, of assault.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
Julian Zelizer: There is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency.
U.S. President Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
The DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism.
The report offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens.
Freddie Gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested, police say.
Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, officials say.
A judge says Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce.
Ella Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says.
Baidoo's marriage to Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku began to unravel shortly after they married in 2009.
Jennifer Stewart says her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
The cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point, Stewart says.
Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the cat.
Photographer Andres Figueroa captures religious festivals in South America's Atacama Desert.
Fugueroa: "I have always wanted to see the desert. Even though I am not very religious, I've always been curious about their traditions"
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting for more than two months.
He was rescued after a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast.
His father says he was expecting his son to look different.
Club Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey in Mexico's Mexican league.
Juan Arango bites the shoulder of Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness.
Arango was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban.
Gary Gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest.
The 22-year-old scored a superb free-kick in front of Tim Sherwood.
Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually.
By strobing light at a high frequency, the operator is able to send information to the computer.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on database.
Motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist’s details.
From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website the day before and put in their driving licence number.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany, has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa’s Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
The movie, called Sun, was created by filmmaker Michael.
König used footage recorded by the spacecraft between 2011 and 2015.
Video includes plasma raining down on the sun and an extreme solar eruption.
Another incredible part shows ‘coronal rain’ streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the solar surface.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par.
Rose was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters.
The 28-year-old hopes to continue his form at Augusta National.
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end after 35 years.
Audrey Alexander claims the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her house.
But Stirling Council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Bud Dodson, 57, looks after the parking lot in exchange for a spot.
Newcastle fans planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
Supporters are planning to protest at what they see as a lack of ambition.
Alan Pardew was in charge of Newcastle from 2010 to January this year.
Former striker Alan Shearer also had a brief stint as manager.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
Don McLean is responsible for American Pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades.
This week its lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean, were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
That's a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper, albeit with a lost seventh verse.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules.
They also left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top.
Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and wasn't aiming at the cops.
Fire crew in Boise, Idaho, searched for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds.
The birds were pulled from the home and given oxygen.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
Mile Jedinak is ruled out for the Eagles through suspension.
Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game with a achilles injury.
James Milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
Yelp is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor's offices.
But like many web businesses, Yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.
Filmmaker Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses.
Milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Morata was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid.
Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up.
City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Stacey Tipler, 33, stole £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent it on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, were caught and both jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend 18 months in jail.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday.
Locke was asked to take charge until the end of the season.
The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann.
The 54-year-old actress, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny Hillary Clinton has faced.
'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles over the years,' Julia, who also features on the cover of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, said.
Julia also questioned why so many people have made such a fuss over Hillary's hair during the past few decades.
Tesla founder Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall.
The technology powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper.
It can then be used as back up power in the case of an emergency, or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources.
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour.
Finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on top of his form.
England's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors.
The 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster will be held today.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims.
Fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond have also paid tribute.
Raheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer.
The 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million.
Liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling Sterling.
Sterling is currently on a £35,000-a-week contract with the Reds.
Horrifying images show hundreds of baby seals being shot and wounded.
They are dragged onto vessels where they are clubbed to death for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International captured the images.
It says the animals are suffering a violent death 'for fur products nobody wants'
The Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 seals.
Sir Paul McCartney has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the seal hunt.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 at Villa Park in the FA Cup quarter-final.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the replay at Madejski Stadium.
Villa and Reading have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in Christchurch.
It shows the lions interacting with the people inside the cage.
A keeper holds a piece of meat up to the bars of the cage and a lion follows her hand.
Other lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back.
England lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro 2016 qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for the hosts.
Patrick Roberts halved the deficit 11 minutes from time.
England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent.
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel could prove a useful acquisition.
Liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Anfield.
Everton want to sign England international Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening.
He was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested on Saturday.
Alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police who tipped off Australia.
Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with terror offences.
It was claimed the men planned to knock over a policeman with a car.
They then planned to stab him to death, in a chilling echo of Lee Rigby.
Teresa James, 40, from London, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She was influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired.
In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
The trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’
Justin Rose is training ahead of his next PGA tour event.
The Englishman is using his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator.
Rose was in top form at the Masters and pushed Jordan Speith all the way.
Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK.
Critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Dante de Blasio is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School.
He will make his decision by the end of the month.
De Blasio is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's education.
RJ Jackson suffers Netherton's syndrome, a rare congenital skin disease.
His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin.
Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover RJ's body with creams to prevent drying out.
But while out shopping with RJ, she was surrounded by armed police.
Members of the public mistook his skin disease for signs of abuse.
They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing RJ, 35.
Mrs Jackson said: 'It just shows the extent of people's ignorance'
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
The Kremlin is reportedly considering bailing out Greece in exchange for 'assets'
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria.
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light.
A holiday abroad left her in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to remove her ex's name.
She tried to burn it off with acid but the DIY treatment gave her chemical burns.
Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby.
Tattoo artist recommended laser removal surgery but said Jessica would have to wait until her skin healed from the acid burns.
Wales climbed to 22 in the April world rankings to move within eight places of England.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France if they beat Belgium in June.
Aaron Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 on Saturday afternoon.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for the hosts.
Thomas Muller added a third with eight minutes to go.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham's Under 21 team against Manchester United.
Oxford has been on the bench for the senior side this season.
The 16-year-old scored with a header in the 3-2 defeat.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m settlement with ex-husband Charles.
But he lied about value of his share in software company AppSense.
Court of Appeal found he had deliberately hidden information and lied to court.
Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court in June.
HBO NOW is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month.
It includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from Morden, south west London, has donated 50 eggs.
In the space of 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
The nurse injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period.
She has donated eggs three times, leading to three successful pregnancies.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani.
The gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool's offer of £100,000-a-week.
It is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a pipe in the past few days.
Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season and one on his England debut last month.
Jon Huxley, 46, is looking at 'developing' his premises to cater for swingers.
He hopes to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel.
Hotel in Folkestone, Kent, has been in dispute with council over use of Grade-II listed building.
Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract.
Bosnia international has been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of the 27-year-old.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Travellers can dive 12,500ft below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean to explore the ship.
The trip takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's first SOS was broadcast.
More than 40 people have so far booked the trip, which costs £41,000 ($60,000)
Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach Monte Carlo Masters final.
The sixth-seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic.
Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites will compete for their first European title since 2006.
Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Warren Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel.
He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting.
When it became too much, Sapp told her: 'Just go. Just move. Your girl’s doing a good job. I’ll be done with
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit.
She was in the same climbing party as Google executive Dan Fredinburg, who died in Saturday's avalanche.
Aydian Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Ruby Walsh warned riders to go wide at the Canal Turn.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour.
The gelding likely suffered broken ribs.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter.
Cameron, who was 19 at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Director JJ Abrams explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health.
The survey, conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates, looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity.
Survey also found that 56 per cent of the respondents want more information on the side effects of their treatments.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
The teen's attorney said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control and that given the age disparity 'there has to be some type of duress or coercion'
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Steve Parish posted a picture of him with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman.
Pardew used seven Englishmen including Jason Puncheon.
England No 1 Joe Hart and utility man James Milner both played for City.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph.
He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the crater.
The 58-year-old claims that the bunker 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself inside Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon.
He was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted in Lane County.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Hawkins was shot nine times, and later died of his injuries, police said.
Officers involved in shooting have been placed on administrative leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
Wellington has finally received clearance to make his bow.
The 22-year-old can now play for any team in the European Union.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals to help Real Madrid bounce back from El Clasico defeat by Barcelona.
Ronaldo scored an eight-minute hat-trick as the visitors were comfortably swept aside.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia.
The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
Many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies, but some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club last week.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old's wrist bone 'popped out' of place, forcing him to drop his club.
Woods, playing in his 20th Masters tournament, ended up at 5-under-par on 283.
He admitted that he may not return to the course for a while.
Despite finishing 13 strokes behind winner Jordan Spieth, Woods' best finish in a tournament in over a year.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her.
He criticised her for not doing the chores or checking his shirt buttons.
But he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair.
Neighbours called the police after he drove away, damaging a gate post and a van.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order at Bristol Crown Court.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home.
Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air.
He then proceeds to walk forwards, performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes.
Reading lost 1-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp.
The 30-year-old apologised to Reading fans on Twitter.
Pompous Albert has racked up 44.1k followers on Instagram.
He's a Selkirk Rex cat, known for their wild, curly hair.
Albert is named after famous physician Albert Einstein.
Karl Oyston has denied five FA charges for abusive text messages.
Oyston had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
The Seasiders are extremely unpopular and fans have been protesting against their ownership.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about Russia's presence on its'strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe.
But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway.
In February, a passenger plane had to be diverted to avoid two Russian bombers that flew through Irish-controlled airspace without warning.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris by reserve deputy Robert Bates.
Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
But Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put him in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer's.
The latest revelation came as Mrs Saunders endured a barrage of criticism for ending the case before it could reach court.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday.
Juan Mata scored a brace to give United a five-point cushion.
Louis van Gaal's side sit fourth in the Premier League table.
But Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
Klitschko has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade.
The 39-year-old Ukrainian has 17 successful defenses in a row.
Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Prime Minister travelled eight hours from Paddington to Penzance.
Took a sleeper train to avoid taking time out of his schedule to travel.
He wore a navy jacket, smart shoes and a red box for his speech.
Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Castro lured the women into his home on April 21, 2003, on a promise to see his daughter, her acquaintance.
He barricaded the 16-year-old in a room, told her to pull down her pants and raped her.
She was then chained in the basement and repeatedly abused.
The brave survivors have written
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco face Juventus in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
The principality club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years.
Jardim is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
Police confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to prank her own mother.
Rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door, Lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping.
As mean-spirited as the joke appeared, Lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible.
Lionel Messi returned to Barcelona training on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
Coach Luis Enrique will be making his first return to the Balaidos Stadium.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is'ready' for it to be shown.
It will be less than three years since the comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed.
Critics have slammed the subject choice as 'unbelievable'
Cesc Fabregas left Arsenal for Chelsea in 2011.
Fabregas is set to start against his former team on Sunday.
The 27-year-old made 303 appearances for Arsene Wenger's side.
Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins were actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.
Some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead of imprisoning them.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting.
He painted a self-portrait of himself with a bullet hole through his heart.
His brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad.
Andrew Chan, a fellow death row inmate, has requested his last hours in church with his family.
Sukumaran only began painting when he was arrested and sent to prison in 2005.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman.
Rather than load bags into his lorry, he was filmed lifting them out of dustbins.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Yoshinori Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week.
Chelsea have made an offer believed to be around £4million.
Muto says he wants to join a club where he can 'play and develop'
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will lose her house.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire.
Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood.
Three vehicles collided on Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
The invasive fish are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake.
Goldfish are not a native species in Colorado and are very harmful to the local aquatic ecosystem.
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round at the Masters.
Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure admits he is open to 'new challenges' at Manchester City.
Inter Milan target is wanted by former manager Roberto Mancini.
City are likely to try and sell Toure this summer.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after just 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Antoine Griezmann opened the scoring for the hosts with a header.
Mikel Gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past his own keeper.
Diego Simeone's side are now two points behind La Liga leaders Real Madrid.
Over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.
They are now able to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity.
But customers in their 20s are calling up to withdraw their retirement savings.
Some are unaware they face a hefty tax bill if they remove all their cash at once.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Lionel Messi scored his 33rd league goal of the season against Almeria on Wednesday night.
Marc Bartra headed in either side of two Luis Suarez goals as Barcelona ran out comfortable 4-0 winners.
Barcelona are seven points clear at the top of La Liga with eight matches to play.
29-minute video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive.
At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert area, south of country.
12 others filmed being forced to walk down beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video of beheading of 21 Coptic Christians in February.
It raises fears ISIS is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of Europe'
Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy and is a hub for migrants.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall.
The defeat sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Gary Anderson drew 6-6 with Raymond van Barneveld.
Peter Wright was one of two players to be eliminated this season.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham to a 0-0 draw at Burnley on Sunday.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut and made his first start for the national team.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Mauricio Pochettino still believes his side can finish fourth.
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws.
Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
His wife, Alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
David Cameron took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
Tory leader said he may have gone too far with threat to wrestle Ukip leader to floor.
But he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Cameron and Nigel Farage will share platform tonight with Labour's Ed Miliband and Lib Dem Nick Clegg, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, Green Party's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal.
Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is in the swing of changing the fashion landscape.
Samantha Harris is one of the most prominent faces at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Noreen Carr.
Agency founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Harris at next year's fashion week.
Mirko Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
The Brazilian was beaten by a first-round head kick in 2007.
Filipovic admits revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter.
Gonzaga insists he does not consider the fight a rematch.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
She has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines.
The 177-centimetre beauty was spotted in New York City in 2005.
Wells said she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model.
Amy, 24, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and florals.
Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women.
Also has tanning range and false eyelash collection under her belt.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win.
The Swiss international also scored twice in the win over Stuttgart.
Bayern Munich will play Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
She was devastated to find out the man she's known as her father is not her real father.
Phil, who has raised Sarah, was equally upset to learn he is not.
The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
The tribute to the NYPD comes as de Blasio is weighing a City Council proposal to hire 1,000 more police officers.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in Houston, Texas.
She was able to pull over and call 911 despite the bullet wound.
Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault.
Evans is a documented gang member and is being held on $250,000 bond.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Firefighters will remain overnight at the scene of the fire, which is not believed to be suspicious.
Most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe.
Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe, according to KAYAK.com.au.
The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years.
Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
Many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes and shares on social media sites.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that Goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student.
Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag.
The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored for Wolves.
Dougie Freedman believes the difference between the two sides was composure in front of goal.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service.
The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones.
He sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Pettingill avoided jail time, with the judge fearing his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found unconscious in the front seat of a car.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia spent seven minutes giving him CPR and revived him.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you.
He was later caught by deputies as he ran away from Florida Hospital.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup final at Twickenham.
The home side will now face either Leinster or Toulon in the final.
Sarries boss Mark McCall said the game was on a knife edge with 10 minutes to go but games like that are decided by small margins.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon 2015 in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
The new restrictions, regarding Kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from The Daily Show.
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents so far.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'Sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains'
He said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are in contract negotiations with their clubs.
Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features, winning 62.50% of their Premier League games when he is in the team.
Dug the pug was hiking in Fontana, Canada, when he was bitten.
His owner, Lindsay Castro, backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile.
The snake bit Dug in the face, and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size.
After two days of intensive antidote treatment, Dug is ready to go home.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was wrongly flagged for offside.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers said it was a'very poor decision'
Villa captain Fabian Delph said he can't wait for the final.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities.
A stroll through Times Square won't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop.
Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten, which is free to the public.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty.
Footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on Rottnest Island on April 3.
The pair were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime.
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
Those who are planning on travelling out before this date have been offered a full refund or alternative trip.
The company confirmed to MailOnline Travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with losing her husband by clinging to his pillowcase.
The 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.
She teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
Many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well.
There are still several dozen British travellers who have not been hear from since the disaster on Saturday morning.
A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake.
The mini-Martha Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen, into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Richard Clements, 62, was mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering a heart attack.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month.
Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March.
Harry Kane also scored five times for Tottenham but missed out on award.
Arsenal host Liverpool in the early Premier League game on Saturday.
Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps.
The 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at the start of treatment.
Prime Minister visited primary school near Bolton to unveil Tory education policy.
Under future Tory government children who achieve poor SAT results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces.
The Prime Minister appeared completely taken with the youngster who showed no signs of being fazed by his attendance.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices.
It promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Tottenham host Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have won two of their last 10 Premier League games.
Six of the matches followed Europa League games on Thursday nights.
Spurs lost four of those and drew the other two.
Filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline.
He captured scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone.
The six-minute video has been a hit with viewers on YouTube.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness.
QPR face West Ham in the London derby on Saturday.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
If successful, the models could be available before the end of the year.
HBO has warned internet users that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
Tens of thousands of Aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
Users are paying about $US14.99 per month plus the costs of using a geo-blocking service.
Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access Games of Thrones.
QPR were held to a 3-3 draw by Aston Villa at Villa Park.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick before Charlie Austin equalised.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone away from the game.
Fernandes revealed that Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after he was taken hostage.
Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building.
Mr Kiraz was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, with uninterrupted views of the sea.
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove.
It is located just a few miles from some of the series’ filming locations, including nearby St Agnes Head.
California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year.
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop.
It is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years.
But experts say there is a long way to go.
Kyle Naughton was sent off for a challenge on David Meyler on Saturday.
The Hull midfielder will miss the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage.
Angel Rangel will return to the Swans' side to face Everton.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off.
The US were beaten 3-2 by the Italian duo in the doubles rubber.
Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the Australian Open.
In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card'
It was a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers.
They bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang.
He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
It includes information on the latest suicide bombings and'martyrdom operations'
ISIS already has a monthly propaganda magazine, Dabiq.
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Group of Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' as they stormed Arsenal.
They wore Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks.
The pranksters set off blue smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico.
The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort in Cruz Bay, St. John.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith.
He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail that the Liberal party offered hush money equivalent to a month's wages to an activist.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Wilson resigned in November.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
The striker scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Kane has been the Premier League's youngest captain this season.
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with knee ligaments damaged.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.
The Brazilian has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Former Met chief to be investigated over allegations of cover-up.
IPCC will investigate claims he failed to hand over key information to inquiry.
Serious complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence sparked probe.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
He served five years as the UK’s most senior policeman.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters.
American Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters.
Hydrogel is a strong and flexible solid which can feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Australian team behind the design won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
But no tickets are on sale for the $300 million mega-fight.
SeatGeek is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
These are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight.
Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has blamed Mayweather's side for the delay.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver was over half-a-second clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel was best of the rest in Shanghai behind the two Mercedes drivers.
Jenson Button was 13th in the first practice standings.
In 1992, a Drug Enforcement Agency operation which has since been discontinued, monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
USA Today uncovered the details of the program, whose vastness was not known until now, and whose practices, especially in gathering bulk information, later became a model for the National Security Agency.
The DEA program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the Justice Department, though there was no mention of just how big the program was, and the amount of data the agency was authorized to gather.
Nancy Kanwisher, 56, is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
She shaved her head with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture.
A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off.
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her'services'
She was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set.
Her niece’s case was also dismissed.
Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'
The civil suit claims Brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed, a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation.
Lee Tomlin scored the opening goal in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham.
Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.
Boro stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table with the top three sides all winning.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
Tipper grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants, Chinese medicine and organic produce.
Now she works behind the scenes at Neal's Yard Remedies, the leading independent British retailer of organic natural health and beauty products.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
It has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test.
On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour.
The aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse.
Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average'
A score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered 'great'
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for killing Brent McGuigan, 68, and son Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August.
Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970.
Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
He shot them both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death.
In February, vuozzo pleaded guilty to first-degree murder of Brent and second-degree killing Brendon.
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at 12.
She suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS.
Spent £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Finally got approved for laser hair removal treatment, which costs £10,000.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
The wind manufacturers say that if damage is caused by the wind they do not constitute a faulty frame.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
The church treasurer's car veered off the M1 in Markfield, Leicester, at 84mph.
Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, denies murder.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old made 129 Super League appearances, scoring 107 tries, during his four-year stint at Wigan.
Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan made the announcement at half-time in Thursday night's First Utility Super League derby.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
When POMCs are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese.
The team, led by the University of Michigan, looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Pep Guardiola has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season.
Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre is a candidate.
Hitzfeld says Favre can get the best out of players like Raffael.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday.
Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the Heisman Trophy winner.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'
Hamilton finished second to claim his fourth Chinese Grand Prix win.
Hamilton holds a 13-point cushion to Sebastian Vettel.
AP McCoy seeks to end record-breaking career with victory on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National on Saturday.
McCoy announced his plans to retire in February.
The 40-year-old will stop riding immediately if his mount wins.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas.
Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4.
The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
Eddie Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday.
Frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt'
The IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parson, 34, stopped to propose to girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36.
She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children.
Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
He completed his sixth Brighton Marathon in 3hrs 36min.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
Jacintha Saldana took her life two days after taking the call, blaming her decision on the actions of the Australian radio hosts.
Greig has since revealed her personal torment over the prank, and was unable to return to her role on the air.
Michael Slager is being held on murder charges in the death of Walter Scott.
He is accused of shooting Scott in the back with a Taser on April 4.
The killing did not include any of the 12 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging the Taser into a black man's back.
Dave Sim, 36, rode his Raleigh Chopper on the L'Etape du Tour last year.
He now hopes to cycle the entire Tour de France this summer.
The Tour involves many hill climbs which are grueling even for professionals.
Mr Sim said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Gunners moved four points clear in second place.
Ivan Gazidis says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
Brendan Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime.
His family have since revealed he 'actively' campaigned against extremist.
A 46-year old man has been arrested in Brent, north west London, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The winner's share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.
Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on March 19 and never regained consciousness.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
She allegedly told her: 'You are the reason I am standing in this church'
Sources told the New York Post that Edwards is feared at the station.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
But he missed the whole thing being asleep!
He was due to take an intrepid jungle hike, but slept through his alarm.
The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa on Reddit.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it is a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
She recommends pairing a wide-leg with a simple knit to keep the outfit in proportion.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter.
QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident.
The FA will seek observations from each club and will ensure QPR and the police are taking the necessary steps to identify the culprit via CCTV.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Manchester United.
United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues.
The leaders have one game in hand and are big favourites to lift the Premier League trophy next month.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
Currently Parkinson's patients only discover they have the debilitating neurological problem when the symptoms have already taken hold.
Mrs Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading.
The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News.
Simon Mignolet posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit.
The Liverpool goalkeeper was on international duty with Belgium.
He was included in Marc Wilmots' match-day squads for Cyprus and Israel.
But he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps.
The veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp.
They stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered.
Accountants' independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video on YouTube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
The video has since been removed after 3 News alerted authorities.
Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to break the case.
His gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27
Newcastle are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday evening.
Prime Minister accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger'
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
Comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision.
Clinical trials are scheduled for 2016.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has claimed.
Five islands have already been made, with two more in development.
Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
Mr Farage appeared on a special Question Time-style programme filmed in Birmingham today.
He even claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support.
Comes after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman's side travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
The Saints have five points to claw back on the reigning champions.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
The 47-year-old wrote the vile message, directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien.
She has been given a community order and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth.
Dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat, she was seen riding a number of different horses.
Her impressive performance comes just days after her 16-year-old brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash.
Mick, whose father Michael won the Formula 1 championship seven times, reached the new category after seven years of karting in
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed large kidney stones.
They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys.
The pain often comes on suddenly and can cause the patient to 'writhe around in agony'
The cause for his condition, doctors believe, was low fluid intake.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
The fitness fanatic, who recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD, shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear.
Lucy is tipped to be returning to the E4 show in the next few weeks.
Lauren Hill, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor.
She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.
During her senior year of high school, Lauren was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
A man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west.
The man was collecting bins in Footscray when the truck rolled forward.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party.
He jumped onto tracks at his local station of Sudbury Hill, north-west London.
Coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
Mr Kantaria had'recently' left his job at Baring Asset Management to start career.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky.
Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace.
Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through cabin.
They used thermal imaging camera to locate potential heat source.
Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos showing firefighter in aisle.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had pleaded not guilty to domestic violence charges.
He had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
Stickler crashed his Cessna plane into a field in Millville, California, on Saturday morning.
Viewers cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
When Ukip leader Nigel Farage said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further.
BBC initially refused to disclose the political make-up of the audience.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth.
We Are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off in Sydney on Tuesday night.
The show featured real life fitness influencers Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp.
Klim, who has 680,000 followers on Instagram, said she works out for two hours a day in Bali, where her social life sees her out for dinner most nights.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ms Wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year, the $NZ 15 million Fairholm Mansion
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in southern Russia.
He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit.
When he was stopped by shop security he told the security guard that he wanted to buy the phone - and was going to his car to get his wallet.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Keith was arrested and charged with DWI with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic
Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after fire at industrial unit.
Water used by firefighters to dampen down flames mixed with detergent.
This then turned into a six foot wall of foam when it drained into canal.
Environment Agency investigating if foam has impacted on wildlife.
Wasps will appeal Nathan Hughes' three-week ban for striking George North.
The No 8 was handed the three-match ban after being found guilty of striking North in the 52-30 Aviva Premiership defeat at Franklin's Gardens on March 27.
Hughes was given the suspension to include three meaningful fixtures.
The pair battle it out on a shed rooftop in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
The cat's owner Jason Bryant confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Youth Cup final.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke scored for the Blues.
Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target.
A supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses.
Moshin Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their third daughter during a stillbirth in 2012.
Coroner James McDougall found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby.
The couple have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's inquest.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant.
The implant makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Lauren's left eye was permanently open and she couldn't even blink with it.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates.
The Brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
Jose Mourinho said the midfielder was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Didier Drogba replaced Oscar at the break, with Sky Sports revealing that Mourinho had told them the decision was taken because of concussion concerns.
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama.
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious'
Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook.
Wood's mother, Rebecca Boyd, reached out on social media to find the woman.
Mrs Boyd wrote a lengthy Facebook post apologizing to Wood.
The post was shared by thousands of people, prompting Mrs Boyd to write her a message.
Since, Mrs Boyd has received job offers and others have offered to fund their trips
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday.
The last time McCoy won the Grand National was in 2010.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas, who co-created the comedy show, was also confused about how women 'dancing ceremonially can be offensive'
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30.
The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
UK over-the-counter medicines market worth £2.5 billion, according to BBC.
Some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging.
Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Brimager has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon, made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington.
But he was made to battle before eventually securing a victory.
The 25-year-old will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League schools.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the U.S. from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
They hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words.
He is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a phenomenon in South Africa.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee is making the first defence of the WBO middleweight title.
The Irishman will face Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about fly-tipping.
He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude'
This was then refined into diesel.
Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again.
But he has now returned home after spending nearly a year on the run.
Toby wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road.
He was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
The current project has been ongoing for six years with researchers taking a tiny part of shoulder bone and analysing it in the lab.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists inspected the boat remains and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
Five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes, boats, and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern Japan - were swallowed by the ocean.
Detective Patrick Cherry was caught on video ranting at an Uber driver.
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident.
One passenger captured the exchange after the incident in West Village.
Detective Cherry is now under investigation by the Civilian Complaint Review Board.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, ten years ago.
She was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition she sail the globe.
Liz, who studied Environmental Studies, jumped at the chance.
Sailing around the world offers Liz the perfect chance for scenic stop-offs to practise yoga.
The noose was discovered hanging from a tree at Duke University outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Duke's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for 'committing this act of intimidation' would be held accountable.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida.
Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Her husband, Richard Faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.
Karl Wallenda fell to his death in 1978.
Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid.
They are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
In some areas 999 calls are up by 15 per cent on last year.
Poll for ITV News reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon kept out of next UK government.
59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running country, poll reveals.
SNP has ruled out formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet.
But they have left open possibility of SNP supporting Labour on vote-by-vote basis.
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne.
Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of William.
William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Welbeck says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role.
Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row.
London Mayor launched personal assault on his rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for claiming Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power.
Raheem Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe on social media.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield.
Sterling was pictured taking a drag from the large orange pipe.
It is said that one shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes.
Amanda Butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.
Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin.
He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia.
Pregnant women with the condition are six times more likely to
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours.
The supermarket chain has submitted a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission.
National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female.
He said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour'
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated.
Professor Warren has written about the avocado in his book called the Nature of Crops.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher.
It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Curtis Stone and his wife Lindsay Price have two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months.
The celebrity chef is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
Photos of Stone cooking and gardening with Hudson feature throughout the book.
Kite was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing.
But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown.
The kite weighs 200 kilograms and takes eight hours to fly.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
The 31-year-old is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
Israeli geologist claims he has 'confirmed' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood.
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
According to geoarcheologist Dr Shimron, the'son of God' was buried with nine other people, including ‘Judah, son of Jesus�
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if Conservatives are re-elected.
He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff'
His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties, as well as health experts and medical professionals.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
Martinez scored as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg victory.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the 'virtuous and inexperienced' 16-year-old when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her.
The silent movie star was accused of calling his young bride a 'gold digger' who tried to ruin his career and stood in the way if his professional success.
Source said he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
But he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted naming a new leader.
He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening round of fixtures.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches remaining.
The Blues face QPR in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in and have a 25½in waist.
They must also have a high hip of 35, low hip of 36½ and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob.
The advert, for Austrian water brand Vöslauer, will star Miss Miller.
Candidates are required to demonstrate their yoga skills in the audition.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
But a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini.
Uruguayan striker was condemned by world football but completed £75million move from Liverpool to La Liga side Barcelona.
Suarez's wife Sofia has revealed that the Barcelona star told her he didn't bite the Italy defender during the World Cup in Brazil.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, broke his neck while on holiday.
He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
Mrs Stanwick said: 'He is my rock, my hero and most of all the man I adore without question'
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 indecent images of child abuse.
The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the 'Illuminati'
Burnley Crown Court heard almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category.
A further 872 were at the next level of the indecent images.
Greaves, who has children aged 30 to two-years-old, was jailed for 21 months.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The Irishman insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
McGregor grabbed Aldo's belt when they took their promotional tour.
Phillip and Gaby had paid £325,000 for their London home five years before.
But they were left with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house.
As a result, the ceiling collapsed in the children's room.
The family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs.
Chelsea will announce the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
The 19-year-old has been in London for talks with the Blues this week.
Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football.
Manchester City had hoped to tie up a deal after spotting the player at the World Under 17 Championships two years ago.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Mauricio Pochettino's scouts are already working behind the scenes.
The Spurs boss is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
The University of Michigan canceled a screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
'The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location,’ E. Royster Harper’s statement read.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd.
They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal.
It brings to an end the eleventh series of the popular BBC weekly amateur cooking contest.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the title.
The Football League revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions.
Bristol City's Dele Alli finished second in League One.
Shrewsbury Town had three players on the League Two top 10.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Sunday.
Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from League One.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
She has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through.
Ms Peckham is intensely protective of her children – the children that she claims her partner never sees.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
Tories said Miss Thornberry opposed right of buy but not 'right to buy to let'
She lost her frontbench job after tweeting picture of house covered in England flags and with white van outside.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3.
The men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said 'Don't do that, why?'
The creature survived the incident by scampering away, but was singed by the flame.
Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon.
It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft.
There are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The caves were carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the volcano itself.
Robert Knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13.
He has been in court at least once a year since 1959 and has 200 thefts.
It is believed he has clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Pensioner has only recently been released from a six week jail sentence.
Defence lawyers say he only goes between 24 and 72 hours before he is rearrested.
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list.
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests ahead of Saturday's clash.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention following injury lay-offs.
The roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit was damaged by high winds.
Part of the 'Wing' was affected by the winds on Sunday and Monday.
Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected.
Stephanie Scott's funeral was held in central-west NSW on Wednesday.
Hundreds gathered to pay their respects to the teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
Ms Scott's sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was.
Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of A380 service.
Aimed to inspire relaxed, positive state of mind for all travellers.
Airline consulted mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop videos.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his home on February 17.
But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
Researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit.
When Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, she opted for an elegant lace gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen.
More and more women are opting for trouser suits or jumpsuits at weddings now, to give them freedom of movement.
Two anglers from Jaywick, Essex, had to be rescued by RNLI.
They had taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue.
The pair used scrap wood, polystyrene and silicone glue to build the boat.
It held together long enough for them to set up their rods and haul in some fish.
But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off shore.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton, where members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder.
Clare Verrall was walking her dog on Wednesday night when she was randomly attacked.
A man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her.
She was left with a broken nose, broken toe, and many other bruises and scratches.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect.
The 31-year-old said she was 'blessed' to have been able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti.
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
Zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant in the Caucasus mountains in the 1850s.
She was eventually tamed by a nobleman who bought her as a servant and kept her on his estate in Tkhina.
Mario Bretti, 64, was chased by rival Andrea Trunfio, 36, in Swindon.
The pair clashed as they drove their vans away from a disputed site.
Mr Bretti said his rival chased him along a busy road before blocking him with his van.
He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
She said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
The new candle and fragrance business, called Jo Love, now employs 14 people.
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally.
Obama cast the Iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine that sees American power as a safeguard.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS.
Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security at the other airports, although the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation.
The sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock.
It took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Cumberbatch is currently expecting his first child with Sophie Hunter.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas.
The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete on May 2 and 3.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad took three wickets for 19 on day two of the second Test.
England bowled West Indies out for 299 in Grenada on Thursday.
Captain Alastair Cook was unbeaten on 37 not out at stumps.
Broad backed Cook to reach a big hundred and put England in a winning position.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday.
McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
The 20-time champion jockey was presented with his final champion’s trophy by Arsenal legend Ian Wright before riding Mr Mole.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager.
Klopp has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Zoe O'Connell is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
The 37-year-old used to be a man married to Sylvia Knight.
They now live together in a three-bedroom home in Cambridge.
Users of Reddit subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, hurled false accusations.
Claims were based on analysis of photos and videos of Boston Marathon.
They even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber.
Now, Chris Ryves, moderator of subreddit, has told of his regrets in documentary.
In The Thread, which will be released on iTunes on Monday, Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in Houston.
During the heat of the argument the man tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday.
But no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned appeared on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001.
The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
Her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced.
She says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'
She said she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
'Must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' he said.
Fowler responded by telling the hater to 'get your facts straight'
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren.
Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are already unavailable for Liverpool.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5.
He woke up coughing and sneezing, and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well.
By the time Sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
Nash left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck.
The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun.
On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, died just days after catching the infection.
She had received a positive prognosis while being treated for her cancer.
But she died because of an infection at the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
Several hospital rooms were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight on May 2 in Los Angeles.
Pacquiao says he wants to teach Mayweather about the Gospel of the Lord.
The Filipino star has warned Mayweather that his killer instinct is back.
Janet Faal, 57, fell down uncovered manhole in Crawley, West Sussex.
Grandmother-of-four has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade.
She was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the gap.
Left with two black eyes and suspected fractured leg after smashing face.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest.
She was told it had eaten away so much of her bone that it had the thickness of an egg shell.
Her family have been a constant support for Venessa who is currently undergoing chemotherapy in Brisbane.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
40 per cent of Airbnb’s listings in Cuba are in Havana, while the rest are mostly located in tourist hotspots along the coast.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, fled.
A 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, transforms himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and the infamous lip suction cup.
To make himself over as 'America's sweetheart', Rolly first had to shave his mustache and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and wife Justine watched Pride.
Said he had a 'big passion' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
As a 12-year-old he drove his parents'slightly mad' playing the game.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he gets so agitated he has to change channel.
He says hearing Nigel Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'
Psychologist says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician you disagree with.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have had their say on Sunday.
The two drivers had a row after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg claimed Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down.
Hamilton said he was running his own race and conserving his tyres.
It was alleged Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to Stephanie March.
Page Six claimed Flay, 50, has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that according to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014.
March, 40, is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that says Flay only has to pay her $5,000 a month in alimony.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze enjoyed a double date on Sunday.
The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital.
Wolfsburg beat Hamburg 2-0 in their Bundesliga clash on Saturday.
Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 win against Eintracht Franfurt.
ISIS has published a list of punishments for those who'spying for disbelievers'
Top of the list is 'death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger.
Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death.
Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver'
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 in Brindisi, Italy.
The world No 1 improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
Giorgi was a surprise choice by captain Corrado Barazzutti for Italy's second singles spot.
Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona.
The 42-year-old wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top.
She paired the suit with nude platform heels and a woven clutch.
Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing common assault charges.
She allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern.
The model is said to have carried out a similar attack in April.
Gosden was granted bail by the magistrate but police feared she would re-offend.
Today marks 81 years since the notorious 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the images.
The site has launched a Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway.
It has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Mahonia is a traditional herbal treatment for acne.
It contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Mahonia Clear Skin Formula is a number one best-seller in Japan.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using
Henrik Larsson was forced to play Daniel Andersson in goal.
Goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski were out injured.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in Allsvenskan season opener.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League.
City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The champions have won the last four derbies.
Aguero has scored six times against United this season.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests.
Foundations come after National Association of Head Teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-IT classes.
Research into the effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg in the blast.
They were shielded from the second of two blasts which went off at the Boston Marathon.
The men, now in their mid-thirties, are said to be living a relatively normal life.
Wahlberg announced his film, which will be called Patriot's Day, in the middle of the highly-publicized trial.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories.
He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
Mr Whitehead said he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises.
His attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire.
Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time.
If they find
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill.
Erakat's most volatile reaction came when he offered to pay for a man's parking meter, showing him his cardboard sign.
The two begin yelling at each other as the man continues talking about carrying a black card and driving a $50,000 C-class car.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over 10-man Partick at Parkhead.
Kris Commons converted a penalty to give his side a 1-0 lead before the break.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
Racegoer filmed deliberately knocking elderly man to the floor.
The 63-year-old man is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying.
He then barges into the man and knocks him onto the road.
Man was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to the next generation.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
Loftus-Cheek has precisely what Mourinho wants in his midfield.
He is tall, strong, athletic, and has poise on the ball.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Her husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Turkish football team captain Arda Turan was celebrating after his side's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
He had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system last week.
Turkish aviation officials in the country's Civilian Aviation Directorate (SHGM) said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him.
His close supporter Ben Quilty has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop his execution.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' Mr Quilty said.
The executions will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded and shot.
Sukumaran will not cover his eyes
Nigerian Muslims on dinghy carrying 100 African refugees began to sink.
Muslim passenger ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah'
When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned.
The tragic news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
Ashley James, 26, has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week.
He then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself.
The boys' mother, Helen Campochiaro, was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings.
Authorities have found no evidence that child welfare officials or police had ever been called to the home before the shooting.
Woman walked on to New York City's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon.
She climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens.
By about 2pm, the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the arms and pull her to safety on the bridge.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes at Craven Cottage.
Matt Smith doubled the visitors' lead with a second goal in the 35th minute.
Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan with a stunning free-kick.
James Perch equalised for the visitors when he gambled at the back post.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Knight's attorney said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Louis van Gaal's side are third in the Premier League table.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
Aguero's second sparked a string of viral images on Twitter.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona.
The Brazilian right-back will leave the Nou Camp this summer.
Alves has won four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 on Tuesday night to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines.
Holland international Robben was pictured doing punditry alongside Bayern legend Oliver Kahn.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Palmer has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder.
Thibaut Courtois has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers in recent years.
Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season and now wants to win the Premier League.
The 22-year-old won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Europa League during his three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
Stephanie Scott was due to marry Aaron Leeson-Woolley at Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra, New South Wales.
But on Saturday, the venue was locked up and deserted as guests paid tribute to Ms Scott.
The 26-year-old teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, sparking a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park.
Ms Scott's family and friends honoured the teacher at a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton.
Adam Rushton, 37, found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’
Rushton admitted some of his actions were ‘not very professional’ but claimed it did not amount to criminal misbehaviour.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for 30 hours.
The 26-year-old cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly in Eype, Dorset, last week.
The Border Terrier chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff.
She fell over the edge and rolled 150ft down a steep slope.
Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived.
But they had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after MoD considered suspending him.
It is not clear where or at what level he worked, but it has post offices at RAF Northolt.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
They had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Darren Wheatcroft, Callan, and Simon Whitworth pleaded guilty to training the animals for fighting.
All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay a total of £40,000 to the RSPCA.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda has said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the last-minute penalty to secure Saracens a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup.
The Argentinian was mobbed by Sarries team-mates after his kick sailed over the posts for the win.
Sarries full back Alex Goode scored the only try of the match to give Racing Metro 92 a 3-0 lead.
Group accused of filming attacks and sending online messages demanding money.
One teenager told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by gang.
He thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on the internet.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Andrew O'Neill, 25, has since admitted grooming an under-age girl.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were turned into an air raid shelter after the Second World War.
The shelter was so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people allowed to seek refuge there.
It has now been converted into a museum, replicating conditions which would have been found 75 years ago.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Liverpool players declared an early Ladies Day at Aintree on Thursday.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out.
Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby (is) looking dapper' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Sam Allardyce has warned the West Ham full back that the grass isn't always greener.
Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
The Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Anthony Horowitz said books by Walliams are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough.
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny for criticism.
Walliams made over £7million in 2014 from book sales including The Boy in the Dress and Demon Dentist.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis.
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for MS, which affects around 2.5 million worldwide.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good, meaning Claudio Beauvue's effort 10 minutes from time was only a consolation.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward was sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October.
A virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the Midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in Iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens.
Poultry producers and scientists had been hoping warmer weather would knock down the deadly bird flu virus.
But the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird virus had been found at a farm.
The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Mid
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Richmond's Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns.
Mr Burns said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation.
The 27-year-old moved to Richmond in 2011 and has since taken on the role of multicultural ambassador.
The Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction will take place in Geneva on May 13.
It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and a pair of diamond earrings with £670,000.
The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
The revelations will horrify millions of customers of British supermarkets, all of which tell consumers their food is produced ethically.
England Under 21 captain Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
The Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo on Twitter.
But next day, only Kanye and Mr Barkat were pictured in photo.
In altered photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by $692 bill.
And in another photo, Kardashian's hand touched glossy brunette locks.
Ultra-conservative Jewish news organizations typically avoid printing photos of women because they deem them sexual in nature.
More than 100,000 people on the coast of the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan.
The new study highlights the areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground.
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
The Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Bayern booked a place in the semi-finals of the competition.
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1, which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season.
The Gunners slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the Champions League places.
Per Mertesacker says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality.
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with cancer in 2010.
Mother-of-three, who uses wheelchair to get around, had not spoken for weeks.
But one day, she uttered a single word: 'Florida'
Now, family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday.
They leave for Sarasota, south-west Florida, today, along with daughters Gretchen, 11, and Carlie, 12, who are staying at home.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers.
Researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday.
Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it.
Pippa, 31, looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer.
The brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses.
Just last week, Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at Spectator's annual party at Belgraves Hotel in London.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Three players have already been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Aiken, 36, is the loser in a November contest to represent the Second District of North Carolina in Congress.
He called Rep. Renee Ellmers a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot'
Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
Aiken is sketching out a second political life on the small screen, and lobbed some publicity for his show at Stern's gigantic audience.
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed. Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied as unknown in Honolulu's National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific inside a volcanic crater.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register.
The former Arsenal and England defender has joined forces with David Harewood and Tinie Tempah.
Campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth.
The Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' has been a fan of the brand's clothing collection for years.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
She says Duchess of Cambridge should 'change her hair for once'
Miss Bredo says she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii.
Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey.
The 36-year-old is preparing for his $300million showdown with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations.
Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that could be used in future exploration.
BioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond Low-Earth Orbit.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The 20-year-old told police she had been kidnapped and raped in August last year.
She flagged down Mansouri's car believing it was a taxi and asked him to wait for her friends who were still inside.
But he allegedly sped off and drove to his home in the suburb of Saltney.
Five days later, the woman took a fatal overdose of prescription tablets.
MailOnline Travel looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
In Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute.
Darren Bent equalised for Wigan in the 81st minute with a header.
Chris Martin doubled Derby's lead in the second half.
Steve McClaren's side are now eight points adrift of relegation.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday where the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia.
His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools.
He moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago with his parents.
His winning essay described the struggle of fitting in after emigrating to America.
Harold says he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second in Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
Lewis Hamilton is yet to sign his new contract with Mercedes.
It has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace the Finn.
The Finn has arguably never been happier during his Formula One career.
Anderson Silva met with Brazilian taekwondo officials.
The 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport'
The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with officials.
Dele Alli has impressed for Milton Keynes Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli has set his sights on playing for England Under 20s.
He was named Football League Young Player of the Year at the Awards.
Lionel Messi missed both of Argentina's games during the international break.
Argentina star has been plagued by a swollen foot and is yet to play.
Barcelona face Celta Vigo on Sunday in La Liga.
Spanish paper SPORT say Messi wants to play as his side close in on La Liga title.
But the problem could be curtailed by tests on Thursday.
ESPN have claimed that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made sick by type 2 diabetes.
He was told he may need a leg amputated and had to use crutches.
His sons Anthony and Ian have helped him shed six stone.
Doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication.
Tottenham Hotspur host Burnley at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Stephen Ward should be back in contention for the Clarets.
Matt Taylor is nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery.
Hugo Lloris will miss the game with a knee injury.
Danny Rose will be assessed after returning from an England call-up.
Burnley have scored just 14 goals in 15 Premier League home games this season.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1.
It took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room.
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
Police are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool.
He uses a Canon 1100d DSLR with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a Tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs.
Once he has 50 pictures he uses PhotoShop to stitch and layer the photos together.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Sandown initially tried to secure Thierry Henry to be the Arsenal celebrity to hand over the trophy to McCoy.
But Sky bosses vetoed the move.
McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season.
Emma Watson turns 25 today and has already carved a career.
The 25-year-old star has starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since 1997.
Mourinho worked under Van Gaal as his assistant at Barcelona.
Neville believes Van Gaal will be proud of his friend's achievements.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
She was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley High School, 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than England.
Argentine striker says Premier League midfields are 'non-existent'
Tevez scored 84 Premier League goals and won three titles.
Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Cody was trapped in a ditch in Belvedere, south London, for up to six hours.
He was finally freed at 2.55pm by firefighters and the shaky horse was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers, vitamin injections and a booster.
It was the first time Cody had escaped from his field in six months.
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
Dankwa, 22, is of European and African background, according to her modelling profile.
She works as a fitness instructor but has 'become active again' as a model in the past three years.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man.
Ali then raced through red lights and on the wrong side of road.
He was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world.
She has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal work day starts at 8am to 2pm (Brisbane time), Monday to Friday.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists and making false statements to the FBI.
He pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus federal court.
Mohamud's friends expressed shock the man they knew as a normal, likable student would want to harm the country they believed he'd embraced as him home.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities.
Valencia was later taken down by an officer who hit him with his vehicle.
The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door.
He posted pictures from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
Mr Wittstock left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over the accident.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season at Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton for £16million in July.
Chambers has made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season.
Labour leader visited Gurdwara during campaign tour of Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
Labour dismissed criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
Cheever and her volunteers were dishing out free food to those in need at Maverick Park on the outskirts of San Antonio.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial free numbers.
The net result is millions of people dialling what should be free services.
Some who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the cost.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system.
In 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church;'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born. I know God hasn't given up on me, so I'm not giving up either'
He then said; 'I'll take anyone. Old or young, dad or mom, black, white, purple. I don't care. And I would be really appreci
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa.
The elite society boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join if you can prove you're in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning.
Survey by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49% think Camilla should take traditional title of wife of reigning king.
35% believe she should be given lesser title out of respect to Diana.
Aides have always insisted Camilla does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
Mother-of-two is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Condition is so severe she can't spot her own reflection or children.
She can't recognise husband Garrick, 39, or children Mia, 8, and Eva, 3.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday.
The Real Madrid star has recovered from a fractured right foot.
Carlo Ancelotti said Rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine and he will start'
Samsung will supply 80% of Apple's supply of application processors.
But profits are predicted to be 30.5% down compared to this time last year.
This follows news Samsung is facing a 'bendgate' controversy after a video showed its S6 bending and shattering.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
He managed to pull down his pants despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Sheriffs covered him up and.bundled him back to his cell.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing for the club.
He believes Coman has all the attributes to be a very good striker.
Lichtsteiners is expected to line up against Monaco on Wednesday night.
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside McDonald's.
The woman is clearly delighted, quickly saying 'Yes'
The couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter.
Meanwhile their friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'Man this is real'
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct her.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Spell was spared a potential death sentence after state health officials agreed with the defense that he was mentally disabled.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release of the first Black Mass trailer this week, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
The film is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob.
It also stars Joel Edgerton, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Peter Sarsgaard and Dakota Johnson.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers.
The initial request was blocked by the FA council.
Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers after the previous failed attempt.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the Bike Washing Machine.
When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes.
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season.
The Frenchman has suffered 42 injuries since joining Arsenal in 2006.
Arsene Wenger wants to help Diaby get his career back on track.
Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg.
The silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and actually make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible.
Mr Stunz's interest in penis modification was piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great'
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement.
It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.
The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked elderly man to his home in Horwich, near Bolton.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Six infrared cameras placed around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
The F-35 Lightning II is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code, compared to an F-22 Raptor's 1.7 million.
Each custom-made piece of high-tech headgear costs nearly half a million dollars,
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when they pumped it to the surface they found it was so polluted they could set it on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
The midfielder has emerged as their primary target.
Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
But the new model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent AIDS from developing in the long term.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
The elevator company said the would fight the claims, while the building owners' corporation wouldn't comment on the lawsuit.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button.
Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers.
If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
This is a feature built into most phones already.
The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
But in January shadow chancellor Ed Balls said it would cost UK money.
Miliband says non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad.
Non-domicile status allows people living and working in Britain to only pay tax on UK income, but not earnings from overseas.
Ukip leader admits he has a 'preference' for Australian immigrants.
He said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries.
Comes after he demanded migrants from Africa be sent back to Europe.
Ukip has fallen behind Tories and Labour in a poll of 10 target constituencies.
Train was stalled underneath East River around 8.30am Monday morning.
Passengers were evacuated from cars and taken to Grand Central Station.
Service on the 7 line was suspended for almost two hours.
No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint.
MTA has warned passengers to expect delays on other lines such as N,Q, and R.
Ravel Morrison was released from his last contract at West Ham.
The 22-year-old is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move.
Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in California that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
Kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in Oregon stop a similar measure in that state, and was hoping it would have a similar effect in California.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
It is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing affect it will have.
The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network.
SNL parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering.
But the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash, U.S.-Iran diplomacy, and domestic politics.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli once boasted a zoo, fairground and pool.
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi ruled for 42 years before he was hounded out of Tripoli in 2011.
He was killed by members of the National Transitional Council during the Arab Spring.
Now the former palace has been reduced to rubble and used as pet markets.
Lionel Messi has been with Barcelona since the age of 13.
Argentine forward has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the club.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant alligator.
A photograph of the capture shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
Saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly 'aggressive'
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday.
The pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time.
United have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League.
Pedro Hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz in 1979.
Etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
Defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England.
But actual number could be far greater, experts warn.
World Health Organisation suggests at least one in 100 babies could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems due to exposure to alcohol.
Staff heard baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu.
Workers called the police and ambulance after they found the baby girl.
The woman, Yuan Yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached.
She refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse.
More than 1,000 passengers formed a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
The Eagles have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But Parish has insisted he would remain involved in the club.
He says the only reason for the club to get money is to improve the infrastructure.
Monaco drew 0-0 with Montpellier at Stade Louis II on Tuesday.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Dimitar Berbatov equalised for the visitors with a second-half header.
Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach the French Cup final.
Hadas had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
She now lives in the UK and says she doesn't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure.
The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing.
He suffered a heart attack during a traffic stop and died from his injuries.
His father, pastor Kevin Clark, is planning to sue police.
Jennifer, 46, works out three times a week with her long-term trainer.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
When she stays at a hotel, Aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho's side have never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 meetings.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea.
Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to a hamstring injury.
Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick when a late opportunity came his way.
Arsenal fans are defensive of the Germany midfielder but that is merely a sign of their low expectations.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods.
The typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden.
This makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies.
A Ferrari driver was left counting the cost in Adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased, uninsured sports car into a tree.
The driver of the Ferrari, reportedly purchased only a week ago, smashed into the tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody.
Last August, just a week after going on a school trip as part of the National Citizen Service, the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom.
Activists boarded the Polar Pioneer rig in the Pacific Ocean on Monday.
They plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell says it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores but condemned the boarding.
The move comes just days after the U.S. Interior Department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska.
Akon Guode was interviewed by police as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west.
One-year-old Bol and four year-old twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
Joseph Manyang, the father of the children, said Ms Guode is innocent as she is a 'good mother'
This comes as the family of the young
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell.
She was raised in Belgium until she was 13 and moved around the world.
Was discovered at Otago University and started modelling career.
Has since landed campaigns for ASOS, Alexander McQueen and H&M.
Now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York.
Jaguars are committed to a home game each year in London until 2016.
A competition for UK-based fans is being run via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK.
Last year's draft attracted 45.7million viewers according to figures from the NFL.
Manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny.
Vieira would be a candidate to take over if the club decide to make a change.
City's first-choice managerial option remains Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola.
But Guardiola will listen to offers from English clubs to join in time for the start of the 2016/17 season.
Patti Boyd, 71, married property developer Rod Weston, 61, on Thursday.
The model, photographer and author, has found love for the third time.
She was famously married to George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
Patti, who has graced the cover of Vogue numerous times, has had some of the most high-profile relationships of all time.
The house in the Richmond area of San Francisco is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.
The remains are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
Neighbors said the woman had not been seen for years and police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths of a swimming pool on Sunday.
The 38-year-old boxer was testing his muscles against the resistance of the water.
On Saturday Filipino-fighter Manny Pacquiao tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today.
The parody reviews were written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their individual experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray claims he heard Gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself'
The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous.
Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow.
Gray has become the new face of the 'Black Lives Matter' movement, with many believing his death was caused by police.
CCTV footage has captured a woman stealing a donation box from an RSL club.
The woman is seen casually walking towards the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest.
An empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the entrance door.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 in Evo-Stik North.
The Rebels are now two places away from the Football League.
Club set up in protest at Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday.
If passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips said.
Connie Phillips fought her cancer for years before expressing her desire to end her suffering.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
The Arsenal defender has played at right back, centre-back and midfield.
England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves' Barcelona contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool are keeping tabs on the Brazil international.
Alves has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three years old and won a yacht race aged nine.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he'd even reached double figures.
The collection from Rick Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100.
Some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions, according to Icon Versus Icon.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of license plate '370H55V'
Texan Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive'
Mr Hassan said he plans to appeal the decision.
The 29-year-old was seen leaving an art gallery in Mayfair.
She was seen laughing and joking with friend Irene Forte.
Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The report states that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine.
Studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger.
He discovered a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.
'To find him in the stomach of a snake is not pretty,' Bakvis said.
Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She is entitled to a raft of benefits every month which means she has not had to work for five years.
But pressure group the Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket'
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.
Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn Doshays.
Doshay was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach, California.
He is currently being held without bail at the Vista jail.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club.
The former England skipper was on the losing side on his debut in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships.
Van Ryn sat calmly in the dock and did not look at the young woman.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their Ligue 1 suspensions reduced by one match apiece.
Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee.
The suspensions have led to tensions with Canal+, the network which broadcast both video clips.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, was swimming with four friends when he got into difficulty.
Witnesses say seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
His body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge just before 11pm on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is boxing's undisputed world champion.
He will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday night.
Mayweather has been accused of domestic violence against women.
But he is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing.
Washington Wizards moved 2-0 ahead on Toronto Raptors with 117-106 win.
LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99 at the Toyota Center.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience.
For the ultra-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the Cannes Film Festival.
Brown and Hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today’s luxury travel business.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures.
He was treated by Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
The semi-retired teacher said he will need years of remedial treatment.
West Ham currently sit ninth in the Premier League's Respect and Fair Play table.
The Hammers could qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play.
Sam Allardyce insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs.
Prelate sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard.
He was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted authorities with dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes.
The diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in the Premier League.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
The 24-year-old is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn.
Little girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown sitting behind machine gun.
She tells man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds.
However, whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
ISIS are known for using young recruits to carry out executions and fight.
Greece has repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director, has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.
This would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone, although no state has ever left and there is no official exit process.
The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney's south.
A worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo.
The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients.
It claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning'
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
She was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.
Sinatra had a vasectomy so he could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra.
The 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother.
It has never been reported before that Sinatra underwent the medical procedure.
Divock Origi has been following Liverpool's progress from across the English Channel.
The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal.
Origi said the progress of Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling has heightened his excitement at joining the club.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago.
She finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members.
Tetzner remarried and had another son, who is now a toddler.
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
ISIS fighters 'hammer and drill' at ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud.
Seven-minute video purportedly shows group destroying relics before blowing up site.
Attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Islamic State militants have been destroying ancient relics on several sites, daying they promote idolatry that violate Islamic law.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama.
It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
She wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that other mothers wouldn't feel as 'clueless' as she did.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for Villa.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
Paper, by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, was published in Acta Astronautica.
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons.
CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at both homes and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate.
A mother-of-three, who asked not be named, released the appalling footage and says she has been left 'terrified' by the thugs.
Emir Spahic was involved in a brawl with security personnel after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich.
The Bosnian international was incensed that security personnel wouldn't let his friends into the players changing rooms.
Leverkusen managing director Michael Schade says 'the latest revelations from the case leave us no other choice'
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods.
The 33-year-old scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Dossena has been capped by Italy on 10 occasions.
Francis Coquelin was Arsenal's man of the match, according to Thierry Henry.
The 23-year-old midfielder intercepted a Burnley pass and got his team on the front foot.
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas, claims a Whataburger in Austin, Texas denied service because the student was wearing lingerie.
Video footage shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But viewers of ITV1's This Morning were amazed as therapists broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach.
By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build 'leadership skills'
Services include coaching on how to look 'authentic' and how to build alliances.
The firm details how it can help politicians on its website.
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in Khost.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
He says it is one of several attempts made to kill or kidnap him.
The 26-year-old says he has taken evidence of threats to UK authorities.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has slammed UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations, before being fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment.
Everton held open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
Nearly 4,000 supporters turned out to watch Roberto Martinez's players.
The Toffees face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez confirmed Romelu Lukaku will be fit for the weekend.
First Minister forced to admit MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy next year.
Move would leave £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's finances, according to experts.
She walked into trap set by Labour leader Jim Murphy.
He pointed out that one of SNP's biggest supporters, Jim McColl, admitted Scotland is not ready for full fiscal autonomy.
Miss Sturgeon struggled again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany.
Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A.
If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.
Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
The Hull manager was snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer.
Bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in the snaps.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the World Cup.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games.
England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham.
Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create more pitfalls.
21st century additions like a Facebook page, Instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good.
Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up.
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
The 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Liverpool and Paris St Germain have also made contact.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by Tim Henman.
Mourinho described the tournament as'more than a Grand Slam'
Murray beat Novak Djokovic in the 2013 final to end Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
The 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds.
They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change.
But not everyone is convinced, with some scientists concerned about silver building up in river basins.
Jake Malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago.
She lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company.
He decided to pay her a visit but found her office had been closed for years.
Mr Malone has not been able to track down the woman, who calls herself Rebecca.
The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department.
A new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
The murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of his wife's State Department actions while
Bristol City Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving.
It said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme.
The cobbles will be lifted from their current place, cut in half and then relaid again.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
She was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots, black pants and a black hooded jacket.
The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim
Designer Abigail Ahern's new style bible, Colour, is out now.
The best-selling author describes her Miami home as 'the most beautiful and complex I’ve ever seen'
Here are her top ten tips to colour confidence.
Victorino Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He is also accused of deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, he wrote: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will now face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat Czech Karolina Pliskova 6-4 6-2 in straight sets.
Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression.
The Minister for Investment and Trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&A program, and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.
He also revealed he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins'
Mr Robb stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, is suing Columbia University for 'gender-based harassment and defamation'
Authorities rejected his case that he was a'serial rapist' who assaulted Emma Sulkowicz after class.
Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Wesley Sneijder launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on Saturday.
Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet.
Sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video stealing from passenger luggage.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
There have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010, with most of these coming from checked luggage.
Visitors to the Grand Canyon in Arizona were forced to stand perilously close to its rim to get a look over the edge.
In Austria the Five Fingers viewing platform offers endless panoramas of snow-topped mountains over a drop of 1,300ft.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini's sides are in contrasting form.
Pablo Zabaleta is the best right back either club can boast.
Vincent Kompany is still the No 1 choice at centre back.
UK Oil & Gas Investments claimed 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath Weald Basin.
Claimed it could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
But firm has now admitted it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath region.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car.
The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta.
Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck.
At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her.
Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of animals.
Show will highlight plight of the animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
Presenters Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt will appear.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home'
Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines played on screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club.
But she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance and didn't have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage.
David Shuff, who met Barker years ago, helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, a women’s health physiotherapist at Six Physio, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now.
But experts warn that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead in their home in Princess Anne, Maryland, Monday afternoon.
Police identified the adult victim as Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6.
Todd's employer Delmarva Power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday at Lambourn.
Owner Trevor Hemmings flew in by helicopter from his Isle Of Man home.
Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday.
The horse is expected to return to action at Cheltenham on Wednesday.
Video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Ashley Cole.
Cole currently plays for Serie A club Roma in Italy after leaving Chelsea.
Helen Flanagan, 24, showed off her bump in a floral midi dress.
Blake Lively, 27, and Angelina Jolie, 39, have adopted boho maternity styles.
Kate Middleton, 33, is queen of buttoned-up maternity style.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
She was convicted by a jury in White Plains, New York, last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship.
The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible.
Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion.
Ally McCoist has not been spotted at Ibrox since last month's general meeting.
The Rangers record scorer was axed as manager amid speculation surrounding the club's future.
But Brown insists the fans love McCooist and he'll be welcomed back.
Stuart McCall is now in charge of the Scottish Championship side.
Argentina is taking legal action against three British and two US oil firms.
It accuses them of sending a semi-submersible rig to explore a basin 120 miles north of the islands'subjected to the illegitimate British occupation'
It follows a provocative speech by Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, prompting the Foreign Office to summon her ambassador for a dressing down.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep said.
The wedding took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday.
Goldsmiths students' union banned men and white people from meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said event was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women.
Event sparked backlash on social media, with one user calling it 'patronising beyond belief'
Sheffield Wednesday chief executive Paul Aldridge will leave the club.
Aldridge joined the club as vice chairman and CEO in January 2011.
Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder are now part of a new managerial committee team at the Championship outfit.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents feared she was unwell after noticing her skin turning a yellowy tinge shortly after birth.
After an unsuccessful attempt to unclog them, a liver transplant was the family's only option.
Mother Jade Reader said she was 'overcome with emotion' when twin sister Shanell gave up part of her liver to save niece Star.
James Lockwood has been banned for two years by UK Anti-Doping.
The 29-year-old failed a test for growth hormone releasing factors.
Lockwood has spent the last three seasons with Featherstone.
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But scans have shown it is a minor ankle sprain.
Chelsea come into the match with a 10-point lead over Arsenal.
Liverpool have scored just 45 Premier League goals this season.
Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each.
Diego Costa is joint top scorer in the Premier League with 19 goals.
Only Sunderland and Crystal Palace have top scorers with fewer goals than Liverpool.
Ivan Rakitic married Raquel Mauri in 2013.
The Croatia international earns millions playing for Barcelona.
Rakitic's team-mate Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to confirm he will soon be a father.
GoFundMe shut down a financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager on Wednesday.
The site refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns.
Slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back on Saturday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on
Chancellor met Henry the Hoover at campaign stop in Somerset.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham.
QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three.
A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack.
Sheila was born by cesarean section last month after Mack was transferred from her prison cell to hospital.
Prosecutors have asked judges to reject the demands for long prison sentences, insisting the murder was not premeditated but that Mrs Mack was killed amid moments of panic and distress.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
But speaking in the US where he is promoting his autobiography, Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
But they were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car.
Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, death resulting, and driving to endanger - death resulting.
Couple, who were high school sweethearts, had been on date night watching Fast and The Furious 7 in Warwick.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series.
But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless.
Craig Phillips was 28 when he appeared on the first series of Big Brother in 2000.
The Liverpudlian, now 43, developed a construction training academy in the North West in 2006 and now works as a presenter and property developer.
The county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday up and down the country.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker and have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
PSG want Paul Pogba from Juventus but Financial Fair Play rules could restrict them.
Liverpool still anticipate goalkeeper Norberto Neto will join Juventus.
The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers.
It took several days for the loo to be completed.
The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week.
The unidentified soldier scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
But the young guard started to blush as he peered at the crowd from under his bearskin and realised how many people had seen his slapstick moment.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in the island.
It's a large island, about a quarter of the size of Majorca but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot.
Documents reveal shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
Documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
Attack comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president to return to the country.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2% from 2013.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes.
High profile convictions of Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall have made victims feel more confident about coming forward.
Supercars: The Million Pound Motors airs tonight on Channel 4.
Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari sell luxury cars to the super rich.
She says: 'Women have very good taste in cars. You don't honestly think we talk about cars do you [when selling]. We talk about shiny, red soles!'
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student.
The lawsuit alleges that when Koetter was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year.
He pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
The first structure will be 30 metres [100ft] in diameter, it will create a 0.6 gravity environment.
This smaller structure would cost between £3.5 and £7 billion ($5 and $10 billion)
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern are accused of murdering David Alderson.
The 72-year-old was found dead in an abandoned mine in Devon last year.
Police originally thought he had fallen from his bike because he was dressed in lycra.
But jury at Truro Crown Court heard they lured him to a disused mine.
They then used his stolen keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he kept guns.
Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned.
Aston Villa striker posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout.
The 28-year-old missed Villa’s semi-final victory over Liverpool.
Villa face Manchester City at the Etihad on Saturday.
The boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother.
The 50-year-old had adopted the boy when he was six after being given up.
He was beaten with metal rods and water pipes at his school in Nanjing.
His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
The towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
Last month, Moscow announced plans on placing state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad for what government representatives called a'major military exercise'
Odion Ighalo gave Watford the lead after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled Forest's advantage with a header.
Gary Gardner doubled the Hornets' lead with 72 minutes to play.
Almen Abdi scored Watford's third goal in the closing stages.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, are planning 'no expense spared' trip.
Pregnant mother of 11 is said to be planning to renew wedding vows in Las Vegas.
The couple, who claim £39,192 in benefits a year, will fly to U.S. in March.
Couple hit headlines last year after demanding bigger council house for huge brood.
Dashcam footage shows a red ute with P-plates ramming another car.
Three young people get out of the ute to confront the driver.
One woman pulls out a dagger and stabs the car's bonnet.
The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment.
They then took to social media to post images of themselves.
But these were reported for being 'offensive'
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his Surrey home.
Burglars targeted the property, in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based, and made off with the 4x4.
Ghana midfielder Essien, 32, left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
He still owns the property purchased during his time at Stamford Bridge.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head.
Pacquiao took to Twitter to thank actor Mark Wahlberg for visiting him.
The bout will be a reported £160million mega-fight.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
The video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf'
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group.
Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.
From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind.
Shark Park was flooded with inches of water as players struggled to hold onto the ball.
Rafael Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli.
The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
The Movistar rider finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Team Sky's sports director Gabriel Rasch praised Froome for finishing.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection.
Vet Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital.
A shocking'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a Texas church has been caught on camera.
In the clip, the boy identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza.
The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons.
Meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on Monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission.
She is currently being held on a $100,000 bond
Jack Colback says Newcastle United fans deserve more.
The midfielder was one of the only players who deserves credit this season.
Newcastle lost five on the spin and scored just one goal in eight hours.
Dawn Bainbridge led a 'family business' stealing from high street stores.
She and her two daughters stole from stores in Leeds, Bradford, Guiseley, York, Knaresborough, Harrogate, Stockton, Bishop Auckland, Durham, Gateshead and Edinburgh.
Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months.
One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone.
Bainbridge was jailed for 30 months, her daughter Claire Bainbridge, 21, for 20 months and
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama covered his face as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong's four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
She has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris.
The pair have been joined on their trips by Miss Wong’s new dog, George.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as Birmingham City beat Reading 1-0 at the Madejski Stadium.
The Championship side were knocked out of the FA Cup after losing 2-1 to Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday.
Adam Federici, whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez's goal, was retained against Birmingham.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband.
He struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
Iyer is part of a growing faction of men subverting the traditional parental set-up.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home.
The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer.
Mr Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008.
He is also an investor in Boost Juice bars around Australia and is the former vice-president of AFL club Hawthorn.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, was seen to fall asleep during trial of John Quingley.
He was confronted with claim that he had slept through part of cross-examination.
The incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the trial.
Quingley, 49, was found guilty of child sex charges and jailed for 14 years.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job at Manchester City in the summer.
The Chilean has made the shallowest of footprints in English football.
City's squad is too old, too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers.
Vincent Kompany, for example, no longer seems capable of looking after his own performances, never mind that of his team.
Emma Dickson, 31, had two blood clots in her left lung - pulmonary embolisms.
The clots then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
It left her with bruises on her arms and a fear she was going to die.
She had to take blood thinning drugs for the rest of her life to reduce the risk of further clots developing.
There was also a risk the clot could have travelled to her brain, causing a stroke.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of H5N1 virus identified.
The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from Asia into Europe and Africa in 2005-2006.
India has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Michael Carrick has a 100 per cent record with England at the World Cup.
He's only ever played in one game at the tournament, and England won it 1-0 against Ecuador in the round of 16 in 2006.
Sir Alex Ferguson, arguably the greatest manager of all time, picked Carrick.
Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not.
Carrick's stunner against Roma in 2007 stands out.
Women ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000.
On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
The company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at the clinic on Kings Road in Chelsea London.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years.
More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010.
Surgery involves reducing the size of a woman's labia minora.
This is done by cutting away the ‘excess’ skin with a scalpel or possibly a laser.
The loose edge may be stitched up with fine, dissolvable stitches.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
James Collins and Sergio Aguero scored to give City the three points.
Sportsmail's Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg said Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara's lawyer said that Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Modern Family star's attorney said Friday the actress has no intention of destroying the embryos she created with ex Nick Loeb but has no plans to use them either.
Loeb, 39, filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos.
It
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket'
The Age simply had a picture of Benaud standing on a cricket field.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Twitter users branded him a 'bigot' and 'disgrace to humanity'
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season.
Sterling has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Manchester United are to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Tingey, 18, became a hit on YouTube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against Swindon.
Wiltshire, also 18, is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 red balloons at the 26th Hillsborough memorial service at Anfield.
Liverpool captain Gerrard lost a family member during the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest.
An inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and Margaret Aspinall, chair of the Hillsborough Families Support Group, said: ‘There is still a job to be done’
Neil MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002.
He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years.
The museum is 'now ready to embark on a new phase' - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world.
Efe Obada has been signed by the Dallas Cowboys.
The 22-year-old only played five American football games last season.
Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Sophia Adams, 21, has won Curvy Kate's annual 'Star in a Bra' competition.
Trainee police officer will star in the brand's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue.
Adams, from North West London, beat 1,000 other hopefuls to win.
She will be joining brand's curvy line-up and starring in shoot.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
The 6,825-tonne ferry sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments.
The 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012.
Her mother Barbara McGrath said that her daughter is attending Lakeview Middle School and that she can't say whether Rose will return to St. Joseph.
School wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery.
Report says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man and a deputy.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
News comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the North Charleston Police Department.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia.
The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise the child.
Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials in Britain and overseas.
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam.
Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic.
Here, Sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of The Masters WAGS.
Manchester City beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles in the 35th minute.
Jason Puncheon doubled the lead in the second half.
Yaya Toure pulled one back for the champions.
City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Pregnant woman and partner were stranded off the coast of Kent yesterday.
A man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent.
HM Customs cutter Valiant was able to locate the upturned vessel.
The cutter stood by the vessel, ensuring the safety of those in water.
Sienna Miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies.
She also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales.
Daisy, a West Highland terrier, fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
She was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Travolta says Scientology has helped him'save lives' including his own.
The 61-year-old actor is promoting his new thriller The Forger.
He said the religion has been a support system for his family for four decades.
But he dismissed claims that he has been blackmailed to stay in the church.
Comes amid questions about the actor's penchant for oil painting.
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone.
She assumed she must have an allergy and switched brands.
But switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is painless swellings in neck.
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes.
But Ramsey watched Cesc Fabregas' late winner at Loftus Road.
Ramsey's devastation was shared by the Hoops fans.
Chelsea moved seven points clear of nearest challengers Arsenal.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Until now, scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whales - the Eastern gray whale, which travels along the west coast of US, and the much rarer Western gray whale.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters.
The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted.
Morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week.
12% of people questioned thought the child should be named after William's mother.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each.
If the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police.
She was a driver for the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester.
After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month.
Her husband followed two days later aged 94.
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale.
Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion.
Shane Geraghty was an absentee with Chris Noakes included at fly-half.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page.
Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.
BBC say the masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
Puno is a city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca.
It is one of the world's largest lakes, and its highest navigable one.
The Uros Islands are made from totora reeds.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.
Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
She has been charged with second-degree assault on school grounds, a felony, while McKenzie was also charged with strangulation.
Derry Mathews' world title challenge is in limbo after Richar Abril withdrew.
The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool.
Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the WBA strip AbrIL of his belt.
Daphne Selfe, 86, stars in Vans and & Other Stories campaign.
Says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless' with a modern twist.
Model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series.
Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim and the cycle.
He broke clear in the run, seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds.
Brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from Javier Gomez.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction on the mountain.
About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
The big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site.
Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning.
The 250-piece collaboration attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site shouldn't expect to see the same original low prices paid by Target customers.
Karl Lagerfeld's Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who made $2.4million.
Lagerfeld, 82, said cat was picked to appear in adverts for cars in Germany.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to advertise food for other cats.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up.
Each time the dog nibbles the portioned fry up, more laughter ensues.
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world.
They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them.
Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for its gambling and temptation.
Singapura, or 'Lion City', is another interesting one.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old and her horse Valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent.
Dujardin finished clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
The 18-year-old revealed she had been bullied about her appearance and weight.
She has also said she will turn negative comments into a positive for her life.
Roman Abramovich is the 50th richest man in the world.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has faced.
The Belgian was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to United at Anfield last month.
Fellaini also praised Wayne Rooney and Phil Jagielka for their ability to execute the toughest tackle.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
The research was conducted by Dr Elena Temereva from the Department of Invertebrate Zoology at the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov Moscow State University.
England captain Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century since May 2013.
Cook is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
England face England in the second Test at the National Cricket Ground Stadium on Sunday.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to secure a vital point for the visitors.
The striker's late free-kick brought his tally up to 11 goals for the season.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Chancellor refuses to rule out further cuts for Britain's top earners.
Instead says Conservatives are committed to raising tax-free personal allowance.
Raising 40 per cent tax so it only applies to those earning at least £50,000.
But Labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to a rally when she was 13.
The teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to Syria.
He said he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and two friends had joined IS.
It then emerged he had been caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob, screaming in rage at a protest outside the US embassy in London, in 2012.
The lunar event - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the MTA's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people.
The MTA spokesman Adam Lisberg said the agency is disappointed in the ruling and is preparing a response.
It came in a lawsuit filed last year by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, an organization headed by firebrand blogger Pamela Geller.
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to undergo surgery to remove her tumour.
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested and bailed in connection with her death.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death and results of further tests would not be known 'for some time'
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Bayern Munich boss admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised Sterling's advisor Aidy Ward.
Rodgers says Sterling would be inclined to stay at the club if left to make a decision alone.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
Chelsea face Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
The soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming wife worked.
But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood where son regularly rode quad bikes and later received Asbo for terrorising other local children.
Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014, plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences at Manchester Crown Court.
Amanda Chatel is a writer and victim of date rape who is advocating for 'yes means yes' laws to be passed in states across the country.
The law defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Amanda blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because she never actually said 'No'
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
The controversial measure was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers.
The photograph is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock.
Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
The council has since announced it has begun searching for a new Principal.
James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
From writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat...
Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise.
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
She was told she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
Her baby died in utero three days later after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Hospital staff were 'distressed' over what were perceived to be two avoidable deaths.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter.
He claims that the al-Qaeda linked group has 'liberated' the city of Jisr al-Shughour.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city, killing some 20 fighters.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
Porto progressed to the Premier League International Cup final.
Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick for Porto to help them progress to the final.
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then 44 years old.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn.
Andy Lee's bout with Peter Quillin will no longer be a title fight.
Quillin failed to make the 160lb weight required to defend his WBO middleweight title.
The 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten John Jackson in June last year.
William Beggs, 54, is serving life sentence for murdering Barry Wallace, 18.
Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands.
Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to Shotts Prison.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
City are also linked with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley.
Dedryck Boyata is City's only former academy player near first-team contention.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in their Conference North match on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench.
His on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street.
Hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan.
Campaign aims to stamp out myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their clothes.
Photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
Campaign asks women to join the movement by uploading their images to Instagram using the hashtag.
In January the head of the Crown Prosecution Service said society must 'challenge' view that rape victims should be blamed if they had been 'drinking'
FTSE 100 bosses say Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain.
Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM.
Comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed letter warning against Labour government.
It also echoes controversial remarks by Boots chief executive Stefano Pessina.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor.
A small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making the new Camper van more environmentally friendly than its predecessor.
The German automaker resurrected its beloved Beetle in 1997, after various iterations of the model were made for over six decades, between 1938 and 2003.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is on sale via eBay.
It is listed with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage.
For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch, which was made by Quartz and released to promote Apple’s Mac Operating system, a 'rare collector item’
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both scored 35 goals this season.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals.
Solanke could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.
Prime Minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Tory leader has spent the day campaigning in Devon, where he must win several seats to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Despite their best efforts, none come close to the Queen.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
He is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader.
Dadaev had previously confessed to the killing but retracted it last month.
Human rights activist Andrei Babushkin said he had seen signs of torture on his body.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime.
The 70-year-old was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW.
Milat was later sentenced to life in prison, but if the 'wrong man' had not been jailed for his first crime, his victims could have been saved, the program claims.
Former Detective Paul Gordon tells the program the evidence uncovered is 'unbelievable' and 'incredible'
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
Organisers say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances.
Last year the International Association of Exorcists claimed it was ‘a pastoral emergency’
Polish father, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
Police are appealing for help to identify the man who has been taken to St Thomas' Hospital suffering memory loss.
Stuart Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Broad has become a bit gun-shy, he stays leg-side of the ball and tries to play a shot every delivery.
Memo for members of Congress states UK'may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda'
It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
The memo was prepared by the Congressional Research Service.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each.
He uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords.
The blades would have been the type used by warriors in the Han Dynasty.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties.
He will borrow phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader.
Sipary will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive properties.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations.
'We no longer have store locations,' reads the brand's website, which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity to bring awareness to the genocide.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post.
The image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by Social Services Minister Scott Morrison earlier in April.
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
An administrator of the page defended the post, maintaining that it wasn't tasteless, but honest.
'Think this is an exaggeration? Think again. This is assault without consent and with full penetration too,' the post said.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant.
Judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through gates.
She then started ranting at staff at Leicester Square station in central London.
Hussain was found guilty of two counts of assault by beating.
But she has now been ordered to pay £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals this season.
Verratti believes Ibrahimovic's input off the pitch is just as important.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc Caleb Barnes, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Cheryl, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter and Barnes to a concert.
Barnes, who was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, confessed to stabbing Cheryl in the neck multiple times.
The teen's attorney, John Waldron, said Thursday he believes his client was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in Europe this season.
Lionel Messi has eight, one fewer than Luiz Adriano.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support on social media.
This is the third annual Football Shirt Friday, and it kicked off in April to coincide with Bowel Cancer Awareness Month.
The Bobby Moore Fund wrote on their website: 'Our only opposition is bowel cancer'
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit said there was.
evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
Comments raise prospect of Labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the Tories.
Ms Sturgeon's comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls - with David Cameron's Tories moving to 36 per cent.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the role of director of England cricket.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium.
The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two away games behind closed doors.
Sunday's game was marred by violence and racism.
Arsenal received a 480,000-ruble fine on charges including failing to secure the stadium properly.
The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m)
This is 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year.
The tournament, held at Roland Garros and beginning on May 24, remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Winnie was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress, which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
When states appealed rulings striking down their same-sex.
marriage prohibitions, the Supreme Court declined to intervene,.
most notably in October 2014 when it denied appeals in seven cases on a single day.
Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
The turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on Earth Day.
Patient has recently travelled in an area affected by the disease.
They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a seven-night luxury tour of southern Spain.
Visitors will spend three nights in the Andalusian capital, Seville, including a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral.
The Alcazar, a Unesco World Heritage Site, also provides the setting for the Water Palace of Sunspear.
Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the Grand National.
The former England rugby captain won the race in 2009.
It was the first time he had ridden in the race since 2010, when unseating at the 20th from Nozic.
Christian Eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in London.
The pair have been together for almost three years.
Tottenham are seventh in the Premier League table, seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the Champions League.
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Defender David Raven scored the deciding goal in the final four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old has only managed a handful of goals in his entire career.
Raven hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against Falkirk.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago.
The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when a tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois, last week.
Her husband Clem, 84, was in the house with his wife when the storm struck.
The photograph was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory.
Alyssa Murray found the photograph in the wake of the powerful storm, which also killed another Fairdale woman in her 60s.
Robert Dellinger, 54, drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV.
The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29.
Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death.
He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket, draped in an American flag, was led in.
Scott, a father of four, had been married twice and was engaged to be married to a third woman before he was pulled over for a broken tail light.
Louis Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships.
The British gymnast won two medals at London 2012.
Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Claudia Fragapane.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month.
The Barcelona forward did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break.
Mobile operator Three is the only operator to offer Feel At Home.
It covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
Three claims that about two-thirds of its customers’ overseas trips are now covered by the service.
Former Brazil defender Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
Owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt were beaten 2-0 by mid-table FC Botosani on Saturday.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)
He was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning.
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she heard of his death.
She paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Mr Johnston is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her book.
Animal Kingdom is filled with intricate designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes, patterns and shapes.
The book, which was published in August last year, has achieved unheard levels of success, selling 500,000 copies worldwide and being translated into 19 different languages.
Invitations to the service advise it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Andriy Yarmolenko has been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain.
The Ukraine winger tormented Everton in their Europa League tie.
PSG have been warned off Manchester United's Angel di Maria.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed.
But he refused to say how he will find the money or how it will be spent.
Foxtel will screen the third season of the US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black in a full season marathon.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
The drama is currently one of Netflix's flagship TV shows.
In the US, the series is one of the major titles for Netflix there.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931.
He was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp.
It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the 1944 break immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962.
It was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500.
The 3.7-litre engine produced 240bhp and went 0-60mph in nine seconds.
The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world.
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The North-African nation was fined $1 million by the CAF.
CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic.
Samantha Cameron, 43, revealed her love of alternative group Poliça.
Their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life.
The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
Their songs feature violent imagery and include violent imagery.
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person.
The South African businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman.
Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
He is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Dr Teo said he
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis'stole her pet chicken' as a child in Ukraine.
Says she was a classmate of the actress, who moved to the U.S. in 1991.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress.
Claims Kunis told her 'you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm'
Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground.
He was carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment.
A local resident quickly took snaps of the man.
Building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan both hit the woodwork for the Bairns.
Craig Sibbald scored the winner in the 74th minute to set up a meeting with either Inverness or Celtic.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood is hoping they can cause a shock at Wembley.
Sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes and taking a 'hippy crack' through a balloon.
The 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch.
Sherwood has been a fan of Liverpool starlet Sterling since he was 14.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune.
He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother.
Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime.
Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
The U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
The probe is focusing on sweetheart tax deals between Starbucks and Dutch government.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season.
But the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating Jimmy Anderson.
England were held to a draw in the opening Test of a three-match series.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills into a business.
The Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram.
She travels the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations.
Her site, 'In Bed With', features aspects like the best pie or biggest beds.
Bianca Gascoigne was walking in Marylebone when she was attacked.
The 28-year-old's phone reportedly contained private texts from ex-footballer Paul.
Gang of eight reportedly grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag.
She ran away when she fought back and branded muggers 'lowlifes on bikes'
Gascoigne has appeared on several reality TV shows including Celebrity Love Island.
Cynthia Lennon, 75, died yesterday at her home in Spain after a short battle with cancer.
She married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to fame.
The couple divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship.
Her son Julian tweeted a moving video tribute to his late mother.
Jan Oblak has made Atletico Madrid fans forget Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium.
The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and features air conditioning.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius.
It will hold matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport.
Complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire.
The tiny chihuahua quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on Wednesday 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
The 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed.
The Japanese get an hour and a half less sleep, according to users of Sleep Cycle app.
Radamel Falcao made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football.
Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming in games against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City.
Falcao lost almost every key battle at Stamford Bridge.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling.
Sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber'
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall.
He was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I've got a ticket'
Bystanders say he seemed a bit crazed, but not obviously drunk.
The escapade will alarm Chinese officials, said to be embarrassed by the incident.
Video posted on social media site Vine shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking, before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game.
Seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose'scissors' as his option.
The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left completely speechless with relief.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
Pauline Hanson said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong.
The One Nation leader also defended the anti-Islam protests across Australia.
She said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
She was asked for her views on businesses 'going to the wall'
Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture.
Sam Allardyce isn't that man. He had his chance and did not take it.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
Sol Mokdad, the president of UAERL, believes it has the facilities, as well as the financial backing and infrastructure, to host.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire, last June.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
Mother Maureen Baker, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car so they could be reunited.
Her husband Paul, 47, said his wife was depressed and unable to return to work.
Blackwell was jailed for four years at Oxford Crown Court yesterday.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river which divides Kathmandu.
Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across the city, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Hundreds of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
Volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of earthquake victims following the tremor on Saturday.
Vulcan Aerospace will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
Plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude.
This will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite.
Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000 km) above Earth.
The company will'shift how the world conceptualises space travel through cost reduction and on‐demand access'
Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia.
The Barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg.
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems last autumn.
Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
Liz Brindley, 31, who was one of the first people to move into a property in May last year, said: 'This was meant to be our first dream home, but it has turned into more like hell'
Darren Stanton has become the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert.
Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist.
He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his strongest with him in attack.
Rooney has been playing in midfield for United this season.
Ferdinand believes that Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United hitting fifth gear.
Boy held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices.
Girl arrested after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester, on Friday.
Boy arrested on suspicion of preparing for an act of terrorism, while girl arrested.
Both were bailed until May 28, Greater Manchester Police said.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal.
It lumped Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets.
But he booked flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales - where he thought Cardiff was.
Mr Boys, from Hailsham, East Sussex, is a YouTube video blogger.
He is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to Cardiff this June.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Mr Butler said in 2006 that his weight problem was linked to his depression and that he was addicted to food.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her unscheduled detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
Four tourists filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
They drag the thrashing creature in to shore and pose for photos with it.
Shark is then pulled in to the sand by its tail.
As it is legal to fish for sharks, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures.
Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas.
The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited his grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, was paralyzed when she fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
She was unable to conceive and carry a child.
A friend from college, Laurel Humes, offered to be their surrogate.
Rachelle and Chris Chapman will welcome their baby girl on April 18.
The baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, North Carolina.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex.
Kane, 46, had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
The Hilton Middle School music teacher said in one message; 'I could get a room and I could sneak you there'
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard is an eight-time champion but hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
Nadal will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again and sold him for £200.
Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community.
An appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues striker was forced off after 11 minutes with the injury.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Loic Remy and Eden Hazard can fill the void left by Costa.
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club.
Witnesses said three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site.
They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
Police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry.
Noreen Spendlove, then 68, had the scan as part of the NHS breast cancer screening programme.
18 months later, shortly before her 70th birthday, she developed intermittent pain in her left side, just below her breast.
Despite finding nothing abnormal, the GP referred Noreen for a mammogram.
This revealed three lumps on her left breast, which were all tumours.
Britain met the 0.7 per cent aid target last year, spending £11.7billion.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
New total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running.
Britain is now the second largest aid donor in the world.
Paul Childs burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011.
Air steward said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners.
He is the second Lib Dem to go public with their HIV positive status.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett is running for the party in Vauxhall, central London.
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air'
The clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium.
Denayer has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
Zoumana Camara was celebrating his birthday on Friday afternoon.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on the 36-year-old.
PSG travel to face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg - using a glass of water.
The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
SNP leader says she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in Number 10.
Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority.
SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game.
The Northern side were made to rue missed opportunities after creating three clear-cut chances.
Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North in the centre of defence.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
Heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand.
The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder speaks of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal.
Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull.
He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
North Yorkshire Police have warned members of the public not to approach him but to call 999 if they spot him.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
But in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back to reality'
She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others: 'I will not be ashamed about who I am'
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency.
Meanwhile, the statement says the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives.
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene.
It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85% and ovarian cancer by 50%.
The 42-year-old had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk.
But in 2007, she was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent treatment.
Within a few months doctors told her she was in remission.
She is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for opening day.
He batted seventh and served as designated hitter for the Yankees.
Rodriguez received a warm welcome on his comeback, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are out of the Champions League after a poor start.
The Reds face Southampton in the final of the competition.
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, is on sale for £25.
It contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
For customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
NAC Breda lost 2-1 to FC Dordrecht in the Eredivisie on Saturday.
Robert Maaskant took out his anger on the substitutes bench.
The 46-year-old smashed his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.
Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife.
After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke.
Judge Cooke expressed his 'unhappiness' at failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday.
The film stars Sandler, Taylor Lautner, Nick Nolte and Steve Buscemi.
Among the many problems he cited were the costumes that were being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by ordeal.
But Sweet, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order.
He had spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance.
William Bird captured the video while out with his seven-year-old stepson.
The £126million jets were approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland.
As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
It was taken on the same day that Typhoons were deployed by the Royal Air Force.
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event.
The couple hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word.
The AFL won the right to use Anzac to brand its games and merchandise as it donated to the RSL.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
Wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.
Last year, Wonga took a £35million hit from writing off 300,000 personal loans.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September.
The former Brookside actress admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying the teen was on the platform and that 'he was going to end it'
Toxicology tests showed no evidence of drugs or drink in his system.
Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle to reveal he is now homeless.
The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
Presenters star in new campaign for Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with hair pulled over mouths to resemble moustache.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, have worked together for 10 years.
Last week Demelza Poldark was barely showing – but she is now the proud mother.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner’ll gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
Her husband Sabino Matera posted a heartfelt thank you on Facebook.
The 37-year-old returned to her home around 6.30pm on Thursday.
She is now speaking with police about her disappearance.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener.
Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader.
'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman president—whenever that is—will help resolve,' said Clinton.
Rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties.
In lederhosen and knee-high socks, Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant.
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’
Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Crucial issues will be the amount of travel involved and how much power the new director will hold on selection.
PFA announce their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations.
Thibaut Courtois, David de Gea and Raheem Sterling complete list.
Winners will be announced at awards ceremony on April 26.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire.
Arsenal beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final to end nine-year trophy drought.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday.
A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
The SES has had over 11,000 calls for assistance across the state, and insurance companies have received more than 19,500 claims, with losses estimated at $129 million.
About 2000 people are still stranded by the storm's effects, especially in Gillieston Heights and Hinton.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies.
An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Ms Gerhardt believes that internet bullies are seeking a reaction from as many people as possible.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London.
She travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany.
Ozcelik has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
Veterans of World War Two stood proudly side by side after being awarded France's highest decoration, the Legion d’Honneur.
Aged between 90 and 99, they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
The decision was announced by French President Francois Hollande following last summer’s 70th anniversary celebrations.
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare.
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor.
Mr Cameron said the Tories were overhauling the benefit system.
Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila.
The pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was the 147th most popular in Britain.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000 and is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out completely.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party.
Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises.
Announcing the decision to support UKIP, landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry'
It has left regular customers stunned and provoked a 'Marmite' reaction of divided opinions.
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in their Champions League semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored a hat-trick in the final of the European Under 21 championships.
David Moyes' lack of passing quality was apparent throughout his short time at the club.
Without quality in that area, few teams can compete at elite level any more.
Michael Slager, 33, will be refused right to hold baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
The underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together.
It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892.
When leaving the settlement, the female wearer would have worn it under trousers.
Seals are found along the coast of East Greenland and are hunted for their meat and skin.
Inuits across the region, and into North America and Siberia, would have also made garments from the skin and fur of reindeer and caribou.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe came to about 2,100 µSv.
West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1.
Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Van driver unleashes foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after M6 crash.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane and two vehicles collide.
Car towing caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Footage was posted on Facebook and viewed 2million times in less than 48 hours.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
Senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire said junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
Coroner also concluded senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par.
Spieth finished joint-second with Jonas Blixt at last year's tournament.
He is now going out with high school sweetheart Annie Verret.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
Alice McCall show also grabbed the audience's attention in a clearly visual punk representation.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him.
The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched.
Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams.
Once they log in, they can set a virtual date and invite friends.
They can then choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style.
One is a high society setting, which is located on a city rooftop.
Another is a bohemian setting of a field, complete with kitsch bunting.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was taken off the field during Surrey's match against Oxford University.
Pietersen was hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during Oxford's second innings.
The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour.
She had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 was stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of drama.
CCTV showed a woman moving the victim's shopping trolley before leaving.
Police have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
Nearly three quarters of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month.
But 63 per cent steer clear of the comfort food.
Survey by Skout found that 32 per cent of lovers of grilled cheese have sex six times a month, while only 27 per cent have sex with the same frequency.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property.
This surge of ‘silver landlords’ is likely to push up house prices.
East on England ambulance service releases list of 1,248 bizarre calls.
One caller told crews'someone' had been run down, only for 'victim' to be squirrel.
Another said: 'I've dropped my burger and it is bleeding'
One woman said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh.
It contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Using ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form.
Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law along.
They were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house in Bayswater, West London.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for the visitors.
Former striker Stan Collymore watched from the press box.
Villa are currently 16th in the Premier League table.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue.
Mr Galloway produced a nikah, or Pakistani marriage certificate, at hustings.
He said Ms Shah has 'only a passing acquaintance with the truth'
But Ms Shah hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
They say the second was drawn up when Ms Shah's husband tried to get a spouse visa to the UK, where marriages to those under 16 are not recognised.
Seal pup suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after collision.
The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death.
Six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Experts believe that Sponge Bobby was struck by a motorboat or jet-ski.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
Head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at Sunderland.
The 26-year-old defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history.
The fight was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
MCC plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to 30,000.
A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included.
MCC chief executive Derek Brewer said: 'This project also provides a wonderful new front door to the home of cricket'
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for 5,000 years.
Their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago.
Genetic analysis of two mammoth remains show their population was inbreeding.
The study has also raised the prospect of bringing the mammoth back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
Scientists have published DNA sequences of one mammoth found in Oimyakon, northeast Siberia and another from one of the last surviving mammoths found on Wrangel Island, north of Russia.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests.
There is also plenty of 'terrace' area, with sunloungers and ladders down into the sea.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league.
The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che.
They accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
The pair are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne’s International Comedy Festival.
Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask if patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them.
NHS says guidance will improve patients' care, but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong'
In some surgeries, nurses are cold-calling patients over 75 or with long-term conditions and asking them over the phone if they have 'thought about resuscitation'
Steven Allison, 37, was on the run from the law for a year when he was jailed for sexually assaulting two women.
But he was unaware the net was closing in as British police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to locate Allison.
He was living in the country's capital, Canberra, where authorities closed in on him.
Allison had been charged with two sexual assaults but failed to appear in court.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburned skin.
But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand.
MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition.
Seven alone have Manchester United connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
Xabi Alonso will be lining up for Bayern Munich looking for his third Champions League triumph.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
The spacecraft was carrying about 2.5 tons of cargo, including fuel, equipment, oxygen and food, to the space station.
Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' getting picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend.
The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves'
The operator continued to tail the children, who eventually did become frightened when they realized they were being followed, until police arrived.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Usk, South Wales.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 and has spent hundreds of pounds.
His favourite doll is Annabel, which he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned.
Ian avoids buying his dolls on eBay as he says there is no guarantee that they would be haunted.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada.
He parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap.
The image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Arsenal drew 1-1 with Chelsea at the Emirates in the Premier League.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho were involved in a pre-match press conference.
The pair were both dressed as clowns and superhero characters.
But the game was a classic managerial match-up.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
A silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic on the outside lane.
But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes.
The Renault swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing.
Voyager 2 space probe sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares.
I love this kind of folklore as long as it really is part of the local culture.
In Bulgaria it is genuine: practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as dead.
The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis.
Ward had posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words 'My ride to the game wasn't bad'
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve year-old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash about two miles away from Central
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
Mr Cameron could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as programme went to ads.
Tory leader outlined his plans on the This Morning sofa.
Wanquan Castle in China was built in 1393 and protected by a 12-metre wall.
The fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by the imposing fortress.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its previous glory.
Work will include the restoration of the Great Wall Martial Museum, the Golden Harvest Academy and performance theatres.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames.
The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland.
She was found 11 metres down on the seabed in Blue Pearl Bay.
Two people who were on the boat when she died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
A friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted.
Ms Farrell's father said he was not going on a 'witch hunt' but was desperate to get the truth about his daughter's death and the photographs.
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City.
He is begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p - the equivalent of 54p.
The family are already in huge debt after son Minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia, and now the cancer has returned.
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939.
The four-year-old was walking with her older brother Dennis when he lost sight of her.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Now, her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused the Met of a 'cover-up'
He said the force said information could not be released because it is unfair to the mystery suspect.
Mr Phillips, who was not born at the time, used the Freedom of Information Act to find out more information about the case.
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at Marseille.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31.
Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou scored for Lorient.
Soldiers were buried in Flanders Fields, Belgium, this morning.
Their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones of unknown soldiers.
The soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony which included the hymn Jerusalem.
Little has been discovered about the soldiers, as no relatives have been found.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced.
Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste.
They watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
This suggests tasting might ‘involve an interaction between the food taken orally and blood composition’
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
They grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag, but she fought them off.
The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
She later took to her Twitter page, where she branded the muggers 'low lifes'
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned.
Jamie Carragher backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield.
Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa in semi-final.
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano.
'There aren't many people here,' the hiker says just before the volcano begins to blow.
The volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption.
Officers found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for the fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Ruilonc is reportedly one of a group of Chinese businessmen who own dozens of pastry houses in Rio de Janeiro.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United head coach.
Thousands of supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs.
The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans.
Results on the pitch have not helped Carver’s cause.
But problems at Newcastle run deeper than a depleted and disinterested playing squad.
Princess Eugenie attended the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York.
The 25-year-old looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
She was joined by Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
She was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the drama and English teacher.
Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for Ms Scott.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic came to an end on Monday.
Sportsmail revealed in August Mackay was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts.
Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite the warnings.
Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities.
Tibetan Mastiffs are now so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses.
The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Previously, wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions.
Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend.
He is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver.
Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful that Darren Cole will play.
The 23-year-old was granted time off by the Championship side.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
Valecce had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in the city's northeast.
The basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
The private jet also includes its own executive and sous-in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup at Hampden Park.
John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside.
The Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time.
Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list.
Each week Sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best Barclays Premier League starting XI of the day.
Click here to find out who else made the XI.
Billy McNeill was Celtic's greatest ever captain.
The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way.
McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles.
He was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
He faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
A man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at Tottenham under Mauricio Pochettino.
Tottenham will subsidise the striker's £100,000-per-week wages.
The 31-year-old has made just nine league starts this season.
Oskar Groening is on trial accused of complicity to murder 300,000 people.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor, 81, embraced him, thanked him and forgave him.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
West Ham host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost four of their last six matches.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are also in need of a pick-me-up.
Cheikhou Kouyate believes City will be a 'wounded animal'
Click here for more West Ham United news.
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
Six police cars were seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks in the Sahara Desert.
Father-of-three, known affectionately by friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs.
Temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day and more than 40 per cent humidity, while dropping to below freezing at night.
The 918 Spyder was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird.
The car is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/hr top speed in a mere 40 seconds.
It is concluding a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E- hybrid models.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
Moody, 36, said: 'We didn't know anything was wrong'
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer.
Small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
Up to 3,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported in the UK each year.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore.
Manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
But she received a handwritten apology letter and gift card for ice cream.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored Barcelona's second of the night.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Real Madrid have 436 Champions League goals, while Barcelona have 349.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo.
It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils in the last 16.
SNP demands retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions.
Miss Sturgeon said rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners.
She issued demand for huge inflation-busting increase in State pension.
Parts of Scotland have among lowest life expectancies of any part of UK.
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter Vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using white tissue paper.
The 43-year-old mother-of-one showed a clip of baby Vale ready for bed in a light blue onesie printed with pink birds – but as soon as she started caressing her daughter's face with the tissue, the infant broke out into a wide smile.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Head coach Gregor Townsend says he is targeting to be fit for the World Cup.
Wales captain Sam Warburton named to start for Cardiff.
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle.
The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from a property in Grimsby, Lincolnshire.
When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, he said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex'
The teenager then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle, court heard.
He pleaded guilty to assaulting Mr Newman and breaching his Antisocial Behaviour Order by using threatening
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
Country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city.
Use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement has been criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the Mexican government had offered the studios $20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country in Spectre.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters have lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes.
But Prime Minister hails election as'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes coming into force.
Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'
Protesters at McGuffey High School in Washington County, Pennsylvania, wore flannel shirts to school and wrote 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
It is believed the students chose the shirts because they are a common item of clothing found in most wardrobes.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The fossil is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull.
Last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil named 'Sue' was sold for £5.6 million ($8.5 million) in 1997.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia within 10 days.
The 24-year-old was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation.
Russian media have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a plot.
Report claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia by British historian, Professor Sarah Badcock.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size.
Results based on 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world.
Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other.
Average time between penetration and him ejaculating is nine minutes.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area.
Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground.
Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
It has also emerged that one of the last actions
By 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India.
Several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050.
The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151, the Pew Research Center has claimed.
West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League.
But Marlon Samuels has taken the difficult road.
He will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding Test match.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
The five-time winner will face Manchester’s Steadman.
Steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend Nick Dyson play Ken Doherty in 2001, but said: ‘I told myself I’d never go again unless I was playing’
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse.
The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent, were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
Staff say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous 'chasing' game.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels.
The woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs.
In Truth or Consequences, New Mexico last June, the pet owner in question wasn't as eager to put the incident behind her.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as depth of concrete on the runway.
The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina.
A senior military source said: 'This is exactly the kind of intel foreign powers send spies to get'
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
The trained dancer has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke.
The 45-year-old suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to swallow.
Mr Clarke's partner Binny Moore and family planted a secret camera in his room.
Footage captured the extent of neglect Mr Clarke was subjected to.
One nurse was filmed cleaning his feeding tube with a pen.
She has been suspended from her role for six months after being charged with misconduct.
Dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month.
She had planned to marry Guo Kai this month in Sichuan, southwest China.
But she was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Guo arranged for professional photographers to take pictures for the besotted couple.
Dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union Canal earlier this month.
It was spotted near A4 flyover at Brentford, close to canal bank.
Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to specialist centre.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at surrogate mother Viktoria Ellis’s home.
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National.
The Northern Irishman has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor Masters record.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Steven Finn has vowed to regain his England place.
The Middlesex seamer has been criticised for not hitting 90mph.
Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Coach Peter Moores has told Finn he remains in England's plans.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
The 24-year-old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern European state.
Cook has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012.
Collin Burns completed a Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds.
The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an event in Pennsylvania.
He shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Celtic could now win the title against nearest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 if both teams win all their games beforehand.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal.
The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds.
Drogba is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday with Jose Mourinho.
Click here for more Chelsea news.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial.
But they did not elaborate on what those charges were.
The Fars news agency is considered to be close to the hard-liners.
Rezaian is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for auction house Barons.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple.
When it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million - and would prove itself a wise investment for the buyer.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
Madeleine went missing from family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal.
Couple had been expected to receive around £1million in damages.
Amaral claimed Madeleine had died in an accident instead of being abducted.
He also banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Social media users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies.
The Labour leader has already posted 45 images of the party leader, and has attracted 3,500 followers.
Miliband's popularity has remained consistently behind that of his party since he was elected in 2010.
A professor in New York invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes.
He got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders.
Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke on Saturday.
The striker also netted the winner against Hull before the international break.
Jose Mourinho has praised Remy's scoring ability.
Michael Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics.
The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer.
Phelps will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
Shelly Sterling has said she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice'
The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
Donald Sterling is suing his wife and the NBA over the $2 billion sale of the team.
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
Bethune-Cookman University is investigating Parks death after university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved.
Parks is the second son Carolyn Parks has had to mourn in recent months.
Her 16-year-old son died in Miami six months ago.
David Rylance, 47, was jailed for two years and three months at Newcastle Crown Court.
He stole from his mother, who was suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
The pensioner realised her money was going missing from her bank account.
But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away.
Rylance spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs.
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old.
Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER diverted twice to Mumbai's primary airport.
It had to refuel eight hours into its flight from China to Addis Ababa.
After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital.
The twin-engine plane turned around over the Arabian Sea and returned.
Passengers had to go through customs before being transferred to a hotel.
The small fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack.
It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position, although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
The Picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the Forth and Clyde during the Late Iron Age and Early Medieval period.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to the policeman.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs.
Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
He admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors.
A range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights.
Some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market.
Woman, 20, was driving on I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean.
Miraculously, bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught spitting on a police forensics van.
He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
It has a deck spanning 14,700sqft, so rather than search the entire thing by hand, Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead.
They fitted an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, spreading the air out over the deck, sending debris overboard.
Three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5’s London HQ.
They were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls.
Jamie, 13, Reuben and Finley were selected after a series of tests.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ to show they are young spies.
Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot.
Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Vietnamese Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome.
Their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match.
Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery.
'There are not enough words to thank the amazing and so unselfish donor,' the parents wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to the girls.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses'
They stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
One nail house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala.
Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini watched the Serie A match between Parma and Palermo on Sunday.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape going into Aintree.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
Some sported full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms in pastel shades of lemon.
Christy Mack, 23, was attacked by MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33.
She was left with 18 broken bones, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib.
Now, nine months later, she is fighting to see him tried for attempted murder.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday.
The Uruguayan scored his 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Real Madrid are the top scorers in Europe with 1,016 goals.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California.
Their attorney Gloria Allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
The Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks.
Education is a sore point for many who backed the Lib Dems in 2010.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky during a postgame press conference.
Harrison covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' - but his microphone still projected the comment.
The sophomore's comment came as a reporter asked Kentucky's Karl-Anthony Towns about defending the 7-foot Kaminsky.
Social media immediately lit up with tweets about what Harrison said along with video clips, and the program looked into the matter.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal, says Dr Lara Briden.
The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
He faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz.
He handed the cashier a note demanding money at around 3pm last Friday.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
He said: 'He wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there. I don't think we'll be able to get him up on stage but he'll be there'
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29.
He then slammed her head into concrete paving 11 times then shot her five times.
Horrified neighbour Lelio Maya Puga, 33, said: 'He was yelling and accusing her of being a slut and a whore and screaming that she would be better off dead'
Police found four handguns, a shotgun and bullet proof vest in Severiano's car.
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic.
She says that 'While the whole world expects it's wrinkles that age you, it's actually your face shape that's making you look older'
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, whose leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against ex-wife Nicola, 48.
Claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in the crash.
The flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board.
Letizia and King Felipe also prayed for the victims during the service in Barcelona's Sagrada Familia basilica.
Labour leader admits party has been 'too timid' on immigration.
But Tories say there is nothing in Miliband's plans to act to reduce numbers.
Net migration hit 298,000 in a year, with 1,000 extra staff at ports.
Miliband promises crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband Lyle Jeffs.
She says the church has become 'even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Lyle's brother Warren Jeffs was sentenced to life in prison in 2007 for child sex abuse.
He is the current leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Red Bull were well off the pace of Mercedes last season, but could at least count on a win or three when the Silver Arrows ran into trouble.
Ricciardo looks like he has found the formula to kick-start his and the team's season ahead of the race.
The Red Bull driver is hoping to improve on a sixth place finish in Australia as well as a disappointing 10th in Malaysia.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III in 2002.
He shot and killed a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, who was pumping gas nearby.
A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings.
No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames.
It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
Tony McCoy will end his career at Sandown on Saturday.
The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey.
This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
However, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine.
The wrinkles on the 62-year-old's forehead have disappeared, while his skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ‘astonishing’
The offer from one of the country’s biggest mortgage lenders launches on Monday.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew their feud.
But the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
England were all out when Jimmy Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out.
Anderson hit the stumps to end Root's chance of scoring 200 runs.
West Indies bowlers took five for 58 in the morning session.
England's ninth man Chris Jordan played out a close-fought battle.
Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has lasted 21 years and 28 days.
The Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
It works with plasma, an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields.
The higher the temperature of the exhaust gases, the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency.
Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space.
This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously
Drug company Novartis accused of trying to block trials of cancer drug.
BMJ says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as current treatment, Lucentis.
Drug company has allegedly tried to ‘do everything’ it can to stop trials.
Felix David, 24, was shot dead by police in New York City's East Village.
He was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill.
Sources said that David grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head with it.
David had reportedly been trying to flee through the fire escape.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women.
Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care.
But there has been disagreement about regular screening for women in their 40s.
Choc on Choc's Political Chocolates range comes in three different flavours.
David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces and Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour.
Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial in New York.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
But he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year.
The replica cave called the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France.
It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones and other features.
The original and unique ‘Grotte Chauvet’ was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres.
Collette Dinnigan has put her luxurious Paddington home on the market.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime real estate.
Dinnigan and her husband bought the property of James Packer's right hand man in Watson's Bay in March.
It was sold by Ballard Property and Sydney Sotheby's Realty on 18 March.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'
The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill, famed for its 35 per cent gradient.
The group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team rescued from Thames.
Crew members from Chiswick RNLI station came to their assistance.
Oxford crew were training for Boat Race which takes place on April 11.
Conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to his love of his life, Melissa.
The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers.
Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City in the Amman Derby.
Shatniawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play.
He kicked the ball over his head and out for a corner.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive.
Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal.
The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
All four crouched down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf.
The visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later.
French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Manchester City also have over eight million Weibo followers compared to 2.4million on Twitter.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Sterling was criticised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
The Liverpool midfielder has once again not been fined after Rodgers spoke to him as well as Jordon Ibe on Thursday and the club insist the case is now closed.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
Octavia Spencer was at the Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
But before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan Angel Guzman said.
Michael Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001.
The 33-year-old has played for England for 13 years, 310 days.
Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days in his career.
Carrick has won four Premier League titles and the Champions League with Manchester United.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma.
The Blues' under 19 captain was on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice.
Brown had the honour of lifting the Lennart Johansson trophy as Chelsea followed in the footsteps of Barcelona last year.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.
Once the EE 'power bar' runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one.
They can also spend four hours charging it up themselves at home.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
She is now terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter Holly, who she has a close bond with.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week.
Justine Miliband fell in love with her husband after she was attacked by a Doberman.
She said she was 'furious' with him after a bungled first date.
Labour leader failed to tell future wife he was secretly going out with a friend.
He persisted in trying to bore his future wife with constant talk of economics.
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of Los Angeles-based style website Who What Wear.
In a new article published on her website, the editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.
Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
England came up short against France in the Six Nations, but their style of play earned plenty of plaudits.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day.
Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour's'state intrusion'
But research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month.
Manchester City were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side's Premier League title hopes were all but dashed.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against United will help rectify their season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight showdown.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finished third.
Rosberg is already 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the title race.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Carbon monoxide, an odorless and colorless gas, is created when some fuels are burned.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
They have been released at the request of some of the victims' families.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' family.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo.
Only 53 per cent know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces.
One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station than the actual battle.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva returned to Manchester City training on Tuesday.
The Manchester City playmaker was injured when he was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate.
Silva required eight minutes of treatment before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures.
City face FA Cup finalists Aston Villa in their next game on Saturday.
Aaron Cook applied for citizenship earlier this month.
The 24-year-old has already received his passport from Moldova.
Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says the door was open for Cook.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back into Hotel Don Pancho.
They were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home.
A pickpocket in purple reached into Mr Ogden's pocket and took his wallet.
Mr and Mrs Ogden followed the crooks out of the hotel and got it back.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death ex-boyfriend, Kevin Rivera, 21.
Couple had just returned home after celebrating Aeralye's first birthday.
Diaz reportedly wanted to break up the fight, relatives said.
He allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with knife.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
Mr Rivera, who also suffered slashes to arms, was later pronounced dead.
Pensioner has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of weapon.
Dita Von Teese will lead her first-ever burlesque workshop at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona.
The forty-two-year-old fashion designer is famous for her raunchy routines.
Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will offer ranch guests a striptease workshop.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russia president Valdimir Putin on Monday.
Blatter said nothing will stop Russia from hosting the 2018 World Cup.
The 79-year-old Swiss is expecting a 'wonderful' event.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Since he didn't give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online.
Warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho branded Arsenal's 11-year wait for the title 'boring'
The Blues are 10 points clear of Manchester City at the top of the table.
Mourinho believes John Terry's performance against Arsenal was his best ever.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5.
Her body was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach.
The suspect, 36, is now in police custody in Texas.
She is said to have known a lot about Fleming and posed as a case worker.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby.
Matt Giteau has not featured for Australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand.
The 32-year-old has been an outstanding force for Toulon in the French club's back-to-back Heineken Cup triumphs and Top 14 title success last season.
Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
There was disgust too among frontline NHS staff and patients.
Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will'
He says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
If they had completed just one year in care each, it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile on Thursday.
The British royal, who is currently working in New York, showcased her hipster style.
She wore a black bowler hat, black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt.
The Havasupai tribe is the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 people living in the village of Supai.
The village has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error at the 2010 World Cup.
The 35-year-old made a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
QPR face Green and Co at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Sam Allardyce says Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot.
Stewart Brand is president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue.
He believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
His views are likely to be controversial with conservationists warning human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on Earth.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles.
Police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them and they have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, has worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
For the past six of them, she has been offering her sexual services.
She asked clients for requests, saying ‘the kinkier the better’
Her website shows a range of provocative images, including one of her wearing an SS cap.
The bank confirmed it had fired her over 'integrity issues'
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home.
The BBC is releasing an archive interview with Sir Hugh Greene recorded in 1982 as well as a 1981 interview with the former Prime Minister.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away, but he didn't stop him and she started punching him in the head multiple times.
The robber disappeared into the woods
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
The former first lady faces no substantial competition – yet – for the Democratic nomination in 2016.
In a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign, Clinton reveals in a new ep
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
He is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent.
Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after revelations of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips as Defence Secretary.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semis on June 6.
The big-eared trophy has been lifted 21 times.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics.
He is an average 20-something man, but thanks to his resemblance to Zayn, Flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were attacked by a woman who called them 'ISIS terrorists'
The Brisbane couple's mosque has offered them an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night and to see their mosque.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward.
Mr Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the Catalans.
Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for the hosts on 82 minutes.
Barca travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy, to an iPhone.
The case was created by independent video game hardware developers Hyperkin.
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears.
Stuart McCall does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs.
Shop owner believed to be from Mozambique killed in Johannesburg.
At least six people have been killed and thousands displaced from homes.
Violence against immigrants erupted in city of Durban several weeks ago.
President Jacob Zuma has called for end to'shocking and unacceptable' attacks.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction.
He was overcome by the 40-1 outsider's performance at Aintree.
After he bought the horse Zara called him an idiot, but she was there with him.
The horse almost caught the winner Many Clouds and second placed Saint Are.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued fatwa in Malaysia.
Claims wife can only refuse sex if she is menstruating, sick or given birth.
Says marital rape is'made up' by Europeans, so no need for Muslims to notice.
His outrageous comments have horrified many in mainly Muslim country.
Judith Russell took to the stand in the trial of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
She told how her daughter Katherine converted to Islam after meeting his brother Tamerlan.
Her words came as jurors decide whether he should be put to death.
Defense lawyers have argued that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
The Department of Immigration and Border Protection came third in the survey.
Department of Defence and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
Stan Cole captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor.
Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
In a statement read by his lawyer on Friday, he told his daughters, 'I love you guys more than life itself' and called their mother 'the love of my life'
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder.
He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature'
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations is a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester in May.
She will also compete in the heptathlon in Gotzis, Austria on May 30.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from kidney failure complications.
Kirkland founded the home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966.
He donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling admits he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old wideman has managed just six goals this season.
Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982.
Prince Charles was the first member, attracting international interest.
It has attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry.
But attempts to launch a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered.
A drone carrying asparagus tips crashed and exploded in the Netherlands.
Owner Ronald Peijenburg had previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.
The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Everton's trip to Swansea.
Bradley Parkes, 16, was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
Ms Parkes said: 'Every time they see him they just take everything off him'
Pope Francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest.
It said Pope Francis has caused a 'problem of trust'
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used 'genocide' to describe massacre.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over'sleeper'
The game involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child.
The youngster is believed to have had underlying health problems.
Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them.
He said that he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face.
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race.
He was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had taken its toll on his heart.
The explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted.
She was on second day of holiday in Matheran, 20 miles east of Mumbai.
Her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff managed to control the horse.
Police have registered a case of accidental death on basis of parents' statement.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up.
He was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and suffered facial injuries.
The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
Stefano Mauri and Miroslav Klose scored for the Biancocelesti.
Juventus are now 13 points behind Serie A leaders Juventus.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
Wang was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
The ruling came after two mental health experts testified that Wang is unable to rationally understand criminal proceedings or assist in his defense.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of the credits she needs to graduate.
The 17-year-old has to manage a complicated programme of medicines.
Plan was to finish work in the summer and earn her diploma that way.
But Plano Senior High School has refused to allow her to take part.
Her family have filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education.
Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length in Western Australia.
Introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful.
But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles.
He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h)
It travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h), during a test run near Mount Fuji.
It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/H)
The train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
Pay-day loan debts spiralled out of control and they lost their benefits.
Philip lost his job as a gardener and Victoria took on more hours as a shop assistant.
The pair were eventually forced to leave their home and live in their Ford Focus.
They even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a Twix chocolate bar in their car.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through CBD streets.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens went offline for several hours just after the start of trading.
Trading across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash.
Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Instagram of him undergoing close-up shots.
The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
Zaha has scored twice for the Eagles since signing permanently.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Chan.
The Attorney-General's spokesman said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date.
Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her.
She said he was controlling, always checking her whereabouts and dictating what she could and could not do.
After the birth of their son, she was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change.
Donohue stooped to a new low, striking his youngest and most vulnerable son.
He then took her children and left her abusive husband but he started to stalk the family.
Turia Pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia.
She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 Kimberley blaze.
The six-day-a-week program features three major planks, working on the burns victim's already impressive cardio fitness, strength and flexibility.
'I'm fitter now than I was before!' Turia told Daily Mail Australia.
Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London Irish.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli.
Head coach Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV.
Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year.
Designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness, which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof, and the lack of pillars inside.
The new terminal reflects research by the Bank of America Merrill Lynch which found that there were 109 million Chinese tourists in 2014, who spent $164 billion.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career.
The Dutchman believes the decision on Sunday wasn't right.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died in the Sussex county asylum in 1909.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
She went on to pose for at least 60 of his artworks.
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is on loan at Northampton.
Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward.
Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich.
Time was measured using a radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Neighbours described wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them awake.
Couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £9,000.
It comes less than six months after woman was jailed for noisy sex.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
The band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
Several people have been arrested in connection with the tragedy.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings.
Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day.
The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013)
The trend for cupcakes is falling out of favour sinking from appearing at 15 per cent of weddings to just 10 per cent.
Former prime minister says SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
He urges 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour to end bedroom tax and food bank poverty.
Scotland's Deputy First Minister John Swinney says the SNP are out talking to voters about next month's General Election.
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted on the roof.
It was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive material.
The radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
People in Japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants.
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for the clash.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job.
Arsenal won last season's FA Cup competition, which will be rebranded the Emirates FA Cup.
The Emirates Airline have signed a £30million three-year deal with the Emirates.
Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004.
Paris Saint-Germain have worn the Emirates brand since 2006.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have a net worth of £260million.
The Hollywood power couple often opt for low key accommodation.
They booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream Hilton Malta.
Sydney's Intercontinental hotel was the scene of Brangelina's balcony argument.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
The testing kit uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies, giving a result in just 15 minutes.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market.
Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
However, the development has reopened old hostilities, with Sandy Easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action.
Wolverhampton beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium.
Benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute.
James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence.
The Latics will have to face Brentford next weekend.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding his future.
The Spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following his fine form.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV)
It will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada.
The HPV will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan.
She will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over 656ft (200-metres)
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson, 34, has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife.
The victim identified his attacker as Hobie - the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA.
He is accused of stabbing the man on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear.
In January, the former child star was kicked out of Celebrity Big Brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor.
The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies.
Before that, the Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008.
The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come, with the follow-up hitting cinemas May 1.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men at 27.
Men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months.
A third of adults meet their closest friends while at school.
Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now play a major role.
Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona at the Camp Nou on Tuesday night.
The Uruguayan has registered 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side this season.
But Manchester United are said to be monitoring his situation closely.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for his arrest.
The Georgian national admitted to trading child pornography videos earlier this month.
He fled the country, possibly returning to his native Georgia.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older and is now'very floppy'
His parents have made a 30-item bucket list for him to complete before he passes away.
The family are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days.
Elijah has been approved to go into a clinical trial which will hopefully prolong the little boy’s life.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
The FM transmitters will be turned off on January 11 2017.
Digital listeners are expected to outstrip those using analogue stations.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea.
The Scotland international shot from inside his own half.
Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.
Women aged 17 to 25 use pictures on the social networking site to gauge their own appearance and see how they measure up against friends.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found.
Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage.
He was 48 ears old.
The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & SaatchI, wears the exact same outfit every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only'
The unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with 'a fairly important meeting on the horizon' she began trying on a variety outfits to no satisfaction.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Sunday.
The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
He has not scored in the league for Spurs since the 2-1 defeat to Newcastle back in October.
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
£60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each – for the project.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas, who was 18 at the time, was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole but Titch died behind bars last year.
The two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'The Zoo' because of the criminal activity there.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Bayern are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Coach Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12% more than those in surrounding areas.
But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood.
Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby.
Two traffic police officers were on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night.
They pulled over a driver, who they suspected was speeding.
Then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark.
At the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The caravan circled and almost decapitated the officers.
Teenagers have taken to Twitter to voice their frustrations.
Using the hashtag #realisticYA, they compare real life to novels.
Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels.
Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking charted eight year investigation.
It claims Chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed.
One former medical student revealed how ‘blood was still running’ as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband, a surgeon, had removed corneas from 2,000 people.
Red Cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in China.
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson.
The Chancellor said the show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America.
The teenagers and young adults have faced discrimination throughout their lives.
But now, they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence.
They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows.
Some of them are even working stints as runway models.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Mr Harrison believes the snake - likely to be an illegal import that was kept as a pet - will be found 'within a month'
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast.
The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
It is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
Its venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of QPR.
Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park.
Ramsey took over as QPR manager until the end of the season.
Sherwood rates Ramsey as one of this country’s best coaches.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked.
In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
Judy Murray, 55, has undergone a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year.
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman.
Maradona took a swipe at a nearby cameraman after the match.
Siem de Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team at the end of the season.
The Holland international played 45 minutes for the club's Under-21s team.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Newcastle face Swansea at St James' Park on Sunday.
Jack Wilshere has not played for Arsenal since November 22.
The England midfielder has not featured for the first team since.
Wilshere will sit with his influential father, Andy, at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to Manchester City would enhance his career.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Justin Bieber will carry Mayweather's championship belts into the ring.
The Canadian pop singer has accompanied Mayweather on numerous occasions.
Bieber is expected to lead out Mayweather's entourage at the MGM Grand.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife.
Gillian Nelson, 34, died after complications arose with birth of son Wesley.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at 3.45am after she had gone in to labour.
She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Fish and chips is a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner, but it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
The tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York tea merchant.
Franck Ribery was convinced to reject Real Madrid five years ago.
The French winger was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona.
Ribery fell out with then-head coach Louis van Gaal and says Real were willing to pay for him.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers.
She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman at the Great Wall.
Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and ruled the death an accident.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14,' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
One of the most striking uses of the containers is the two-story glass-paneled tower that overlooks and mirrors the shape of the house's long, slim pool.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off Yemen.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt and one of their allies continued their aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in the capital Sana'a.
The convoy's presence 'is one of the factors' in any US naval engagement but not the only one, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said.
Samantha Cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold.
Wore midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck made from non-crease poly twill.
Comes as David Cameron unveils Tory manifesto in Swindon.
PM promised voters'security at every stage of your life'
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Rony came to Britain from India in 2012 and did not know how to swim.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
English referee will be assisted by five other Englishmen.
Clattenburg has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
He said Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity.
This comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as 'human shields'
Witnesses said the women's Islamist militant 'husbands' feared they would be killed by advancing troops, and murdered their 'wives'
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance.
Director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show.
'Joe Pesci couldn't be here, but he sent this email: 'F***, f***,  f***ity f***'
'I'll translate: "Dear Bob, sorry I can't be there. Love to all. Best, Joe.'"
A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero.
They concluded that Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film.
Within the first seven minutes, Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell.
The bullet would have 'turned his lungs inside out and killed him'
In the unlikely event the massive round did not cause catastrophic injuries, the radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued for
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Boudreau was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss the game.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
He was charged with possessing an explosive substance and ammunition.
The charges were brought by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Arwani, 48, was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
His body was found in his parked Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far this season.
The Barcelona star can't remember each one despite keeping a match ball.
Messi will lead the line for Barca when they take on PSG on Wednesday.
Rita Ora, 24, is the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign.
She showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes.
Rita also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range.
Christien Sechrist, 20, from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
A snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.
The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as Baby L.
Giles' family said that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
Then, her father showed her a photo of her son, and she followed the picture again.
Baby L meanwhile is
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed.
Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
Pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Redmond.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations.
Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
The Gunners return to Wembley on May 30 to try to defend the trophy.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike was deflected past Wojciech Szczesny.
A jury in Placerville, California, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Colleen Ann Harris, known to family as 'Grandma Cokie', wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The 28-year-old fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed, posted a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account.
His extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters, Abou Shaheed al-Muhajir.
Shaheed is not the first fighter to show off a pet tiger, colossal Chechen fighter Abdul Karim Krymsky posed with another tiger last month.
World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde ahead of the three-day journey across the Aegean Sea.
The invasion is widely considered a shambles as soldiers were sent aimlessly to their deaths in Gallipoli peninsula in a bid to capture Constantinople.
In January 1916, after huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully evacuated their soldiers
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
She met with her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor last Friday and told her about the wild party.
When the teenagers arrived, she allegedly allowed them to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her home, before she played naked Twister with them in the living room.
While the youngsters continued playing, she went into a bathroom and had sex with an 18-year-old man, the sponsor told authorities.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli ran naked through the streets of Byron Bay to win a free kebab.
The 18-year-old was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
He was appearing in Sydney's Downing Centre Local Court on Monday.
Deputy Chief Magistrate Chris O'Brien called his actions 'embarrassing'
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips.
But Mr Myers started eating an onion ring and Lawson drove the knife into his thigh.
Lawson'reacted in a very loud way' to what was happening and stabbed Mr Myers.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year as well as a 12-month curfew.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was due to give a BBC interview on Tower Bridge with Denise Lewis.
Instead of running with the elite women, Radcliffe took off with the 37,000-strong mass field.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of Gran Canaria.
Environmental group Greenpeace has criticised the decision to tow the vessel out.
The slick is also threatening the Canary Islands of Tenerife and La Gomera.
Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
The Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively held him before the two pets are introduced.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Manchester City.
The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers.
Cresswell has scored twice in his debut Premier League season.
Jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city.
It is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen.
The condition often affects people with no history of mental health problems.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help.
Instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
Richard Williams, 54, was jailed for four years and eight months at Manchester Crown Court.
He had spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was also jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Buffalo Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent.
The Bills are currently preparing for their trip to Wembley this year.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
Move is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose, California.
Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
After the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the seat.
He then ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby.
Family have since set up a GoFundMe page in her memory.
A study of 2,000 people by cleaning equipment company, Kärcher, revealed that a whopping six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week.
Other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in the plug hole, only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food in the microwave fester.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended memorial service.
Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in his death.
'It would have had an affect on his thinking. It is just so sad,' said Edith Newman, a friend for 30 years.
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed.
Footage was captured by frightened onlooker, Sushovon Das on Tuesday.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK.
It beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title.
The supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfasts from porridge to the Big Breakfast.
Russian supermodel, 29, split from footballer Christiano Ronaldo in January.
But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear.
The behind-the-scenes film shows stunning Irina slowly emerging from the glistening water.
She has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure to perfection.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff.
Victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home.
Witnesses described seeing three males behind Mr Leeke in Queen Street.
They heard one say "Walk away or else you are going to get hurt"
Hallisey was jailed for four years at Cardiff Crown Court.
The JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for their recent uniform revamp.
The sleek, sophisticated looks are meant to evoke an East Coast high-society sensibility, relying heavily on bold accents.
MailOnline Travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world.
Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments.
Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution.
It is thought many patients won’t need to take up other care services.
Since summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening.
Len McCluskey is highly popular with activists in Wales.
His gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted.
Unite is supporting Labour 100 per cent, he said.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive.
The three-year-old was abducted by a paedophile ring on the NSW mid-north coast in September last year.
His parents released a heart-wrenching video on Friday begging for his return.
They have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win The Masters at Augusta.
The 21-year-old set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final.
Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema is set to miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid.
The French striker has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season.
Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for his impressive record as Barcelona manager.
Tuttosport celebrate Juventus's march towards the Serie A title following their 2-0 victory against Lazio on Saturday.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Some of the toys have been left to rot in the Rome studio while others, which have been painstakingly restored, are returned to their owners.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk Champions League aspirations.
Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments.
Mauricio Pochettino will be given a hostile reception at St Mary's.
Southampton fans are planning to show support for Ronald Koeman.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in the summer.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the gym.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year.
'You really shouldn't have to do all this to live a happy life,' said Jean Green Dorsey, 75, who has lived in the building since 1972.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Monday night.
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball.
But the cheeky lad decides to embarrass the former England No 1 by rolling the ball through his legs.
Lib Dem leader says he was better at languages and art when he was at school.
He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy'
But he admitted maths had not been his strong point as a youngster.
Mr Clegg has promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction with cuts to benefits and Whitehall budgets.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa.
But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
Six-strong gang captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
They successfully broke into the building in the heart of London’s jewellery district.
But footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
It is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province.
Placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood.
Two women are about to become human weights.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at a party.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her beloved team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
Patients tried and failed to book 34 million GP appointments last year.
Doctors warn speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked.
Latest figures show 29 per cent of GP training posts remain unfilled.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled.
Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.
Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida.
Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon.
Tottenham will take on the best players from Major League Soccer.
The game will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on July 29.
It is the 20th edition of the All Star match.
Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer.
Scott Dann set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2)
Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move.
Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray’s finish (3)
Poet Rupert Brooke died 100 years ago today at the age of 27.
He had a string of affairs with various women before he died.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands.
It has now been bought by King's College, Cambridge, where he was a student.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety.
The current and former slaves began getting news about the rescue as a downpour started, and some ran through the rain.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea.
He said: 'The military is ever present and must be respected and everybody does (respect it), but Korea has been divided for decades'
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW.
The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested on Friday after the incident took place on Sunday night at Charlestown Square shopping centre, Newcastle.
They could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at the shopping centre when they were attacked.
Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racs
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea.
They are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that about eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
Fortunately, Mr Kumar fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff before reaching the animals.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker scored against England in a friendly on Tuesday.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital.
Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
The iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
In 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog, but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football.
Joe Montana led the 49ers to four Super Bowls while playing at Candlestick.
The 1989 World Series went down in history when during Game 3 a massive earthquake, which measured 7.1 on the Richter Scale, occurred shortly before play began.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber.
The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred.
Acevedo repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They urged them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today'
With newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal,
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down.
She has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk.
The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
In a separate video, the men and women respond to common misconceptions about people who sleep on the streets.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
Jayla has already served three months of her reduced 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man said.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raids said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
The arrested man's sister
Hoda Muthana, 20, left Hoover, Alabama, to wage holy war in Syria.
She was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim.
Now she has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day.
Muthana's father said: 'I believe she been brainwashed. She’s not that kind of girl'
Baltimore Police Department has used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, a court heard.
A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
Details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and her former student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on Friday.
The interview will air on ABC Friday at 10pm.
Letourneau pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies.
Her 17-year-old daughter, Audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998.
Fualaau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted, as well as her hopes
Brenda Finn, 30, lost her hair at the age of 14 due to alopecia universalis.
She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she says it has given her the confidence to face the world again.
But she says having the procedure earlier would have saved her years of pain.
England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.
The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm on Thursday with the match resuming.
Leah Williamson scored from the penalty spot during England's 3-1 victory against Switzerland on Thursday.
England will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
She has a'mainstream' part-time job that she uses as a 'cover'
Despite liking her job, it's not Canada's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause - being paid for sex is legal.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
The former Carphone Warehouse boss said David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround.
He said business is viewed as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw.
JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in Windermere Drive, Worcester.
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile.
Despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement.
It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant.
Gastroenterologist Chris Wells performed the procedure at the University Hospital of North Tees.
Gang of six jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls.
The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire.
Victims were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Mr Blair said he himself had been'mentored' by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23.
Fleming disappeared with her three-week old baby Serenity on April 5.
Police believe Jones lured Fleming to Indiana by telling her she worked for the Indiana Department of Child Services and she needed to attend a hearing.
A woman called Fleming's mother before she disappeared and said she was with DCS and was seeking information about Fleming and her daughter.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription.
By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese.
Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
West Brom fans held up placards proclaiming ‘Astle is King’ in remembrance of a man whose death could yet prove the catalyst to drastic improvements to concussion protocols in sport.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan Police after video emerged this week showing her running over a rival in a street fight.
Smith-Walker was arrested in December for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting.
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, has been producing body art projects for 20 years.
His work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition.
The photoshoots take several hours to complete and are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the model.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, had turned on her husband's parents at the home.
Claimed she would rather live with her parents and felt she was being treated poorly.
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Prasanna 'Nick' Arulchelvam was chased by a gang of thieves in a car park.
He jumped through an open door but was pushed out and hit the ground.
Michael McInerney, 34, was jailed for 11 years after admitting manslaughter.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base.
Tubieron had previously boxed at both bantamweight and lightweight.
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this season.
Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Copa del Rey.
The Italian coach says he is not obsessed with Atletico's threat from set-pieces.
Joseph Oberhansley, 34, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
Jockey AP McCoy is about to retire at the end of the season.
O'Neill says he could not be happier with the horse's form.
The lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants.
It will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26.
During the war she became known as The Lady with the Lamp.
Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max'
At the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor.
Machida tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold on Saturday night.
Ashley Young scored in Sunday's 4-2 derby victory over Manchester United.
The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car, along with a phone number.
Jesus Salas Aguayo was arrested on Friday in his hometown of Villa Ahumada.
He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics.
Authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator.
In 2008 the Sinaloa Cartel declared war on the Juarez Cartel as it sought to take control of Ciudad Juarez.
Aaron Ramsey gave Arsenal the lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor.
The Welsh midfielder fired Arsenal into a 1-0 lead after 12 minutes.
It was the Gunners' eighth win in a row, the best run since 2004.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
The 56-year-old allegedly dimmed the lights and shut the blinds.
He is alleged to have asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias.
To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone, he is said to have said: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’
The incident happened in October 2012 during a three-hour consultation at his Nip n Tuck surgery in Marylebone, London.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, he said during the third day of his trial.
Groening, who worked for an insurance company after the war, has testified as a witness in other Nazi trials.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
Family say he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland.
But he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000.
The director and producer was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome.
Amanda has already raised nearly $25,000 since starting the campaign in March.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train last fall.
He also must also pay $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer.
Brux was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
Jason Holding, James Wells and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale, were fired in March for 'department misconduct'
Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created the video, resigned from the city's force in late January - before the investigation into he and his colleagues' exchanges was complete
Wing's has been recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years.
Wayne Rooney, Nani, Sir Alex Ferguson and others regularly visit Wing's.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco.
Manchester City stars Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were snapped with United manager Louis van Gaal.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao is the underdog for the bout, billed as 'The Biggest Fight in History'
The eight-division world champion looked fresh and sharp as he shadow boxed on Tuesday at the Wild Card Boxing gym, just off Santa Monica Boulevarde in Hollywood.
Lindsey Walker, 23, booked in for an overnight stay at the Rex Hotel.
She and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts.
The room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls and broken tiles.
Ms Walker said: 'I've been in and out of hospital with anxiety issues'
Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with a sceptical face.
Mr Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv'
This is thought to reference how Labour leader posed direct message to Prime Minister, saying: 'David, if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one'
QPR boss Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League.
Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals.
QPR host West Ham on Saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water.
Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater, Gale, located just south of the equator.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin.
His dashcam recorded seven hours of footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone.
Mr Ingram says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
Halfords Autocentres have apologised and offered to refund the cost.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body.
These seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, warns nutritionist.
Here, she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August last year.
The 29-year-old, from Epsom, Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court today.
He was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial will take place on August 10.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition.
Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them D-Day veteran Denis Gratton.
Support for Ukip has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
He is now sitting in second place in the Kent constituency, 1 per cent below his Conservative rival Craig Mackinlay.
The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet.
It also boasts a helipad, a two-storey owner's suite with a private patio and eight VIP suites for guests.
The super rich do not have to decide whether to use their yacht or their submarine, as the two double up as one.
FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga have adopted the septum ring.
The piercing is a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes.
In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
The German driver blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion.
It claims Johns Hopkins approved the study, which ran from 1945 to 1956.
The few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected, and many among them were orphans.
In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died of syphilis, with open sores covering their bodies, while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the attack.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games so far this season.
The Montenegro international is keen to return to Italy after £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal.
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the 25-year-old.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service.
Known as the Islamic State Health Service (ISHS), even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system.
The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children.
Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds.
Her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
They were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them.
Steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend as their special guest on May 2.
Sutton won $600 dollars in 19567, when he bet on winning horse Proud Clarion and got $600 in return.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and Midlands.
Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations.
Carl Beatson-Asiedu was stabbed to death outside a nightclub in 2009.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing the 19-year-old to death.
He then fled to Nigeria on his brother's passport, Woolwich Crown Court heard.
Okafor had been at the club with Ademujimi-Falade and another friend Bolaji Kako-Are.
Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods while he goes after a fifth Masters championship.
The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice and Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn's breathtaking return to alpine skiing.
Vonn appeared worried as she watched Woods flash his notorious temper on a couple of errant shots as he struggled to prove he's still No. 1 worldwide.
On Wednesday, Vonn showed up in Augusta alongside Tiger's two children with ex-wife Elin Nord
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014.
This is more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991.
Mr Penny has spoken out since he briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He described the accusations as 'bizarre'
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the midfielder, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent.
She correctly identified the Arsenal away strip although she didn't recall the score of the 2014 FA Cup final.
Her responses included ‘Sanchez is buff’ and that ‘he scores a lot of goals’
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend.
Many operators will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia.
Fighting has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble - apparently an ideal backdrop to Volcano's rap videos.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King.
She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley to give the Red Devils a 2-0 lead.
Ander Herrera added a second for United after 43 minutes.
Angel Di Maria equalised for the visitors 11 minutes later.
Eden Hazard scored in the 38th minute as Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0.
The Belgian forward is now the player you look to in a crisis.
He is the man who has been eking out wins when the team hasn't been at its best.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.
He has witnessed his fair share of blockbusters in football.
His favourite game is the seven goal thriller at Anfield in 1996.
The game still firmly holds a place in Tyler's personal archive.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
About 30 public land managers and councils in Sydney, across 160 localities, scattered the infected vegetable in public areas in March.
A second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in May across 10 areas as well as the Central Coast.
Manchester United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes Man City will not be as defensive as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
Van Gaal lost his first encounter with United's closest rivals last November.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
The former Bolton Wanderers forward is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
He is also accused of trying to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish Cup.
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead in the first half.
Edward Ofere equalised for the Highlanders from close range a minute later.
Inverness goalkeeper Dean Brill was substituted off injured after 20 minutes.
Javier Hernandez has scored four goals in four for Real Madrid.
The striker is on a season-long loan from Old Trafford.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth.
The gold dress, which is embroidered with over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5kg of pearls, took over 1,000 hours to handcraft.
It will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by Austrian Mint.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein launched his manifesto on Monday.
He wants to see the World Cup being jointly hosted by several nations.
Prince Ali is standing for FIFA president alongside Luis Figo.
Research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties.
Department of Twin Research recently performed a poll of voting preferences.
Study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the UK.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people’s voting habits.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and facing a consumer-protection lawsuit.
Supporters compare her benefit page to an Indiana pizza shop that raised more than $800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop wouldn't cater a gay wedding.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool on Sunday.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
Given was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
He has an FA Cup winners' medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
The French side are poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend, leaving room for a new deal.
Mouscron have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer.
Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Labour leader will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’
He will also insist national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’, though he will not set a date.
Polls show Labour lags far behind the Conservatives in trust on managing the public finances.
Restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern Vietnam.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
Cat meat is an expensive 'delicacy' in Asia, which is banned in Vietnam.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
It shows the monkey jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past.
The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and launches itself at the teenager.
He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey quickly bounds back up again to the ledge.
Pilot declared emergency shortly before plane crashed into wooded area.
Eyewitnesses say they heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball'
The cause of the crash is not yet known.
One runway at the airport was closed for investigators.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp.
The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season.
Gomez joined Fiorentina in July 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of £17.2million.
Doctors at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure.
It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
Patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked in the cottage she shared with Knox.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in Key Biscayne.
The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to Lesia Tsurenko.
Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled.
Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
Top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack - sold 10 million copies.
Taylor Swift famously removed her music from Spotify.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the painting on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value.
The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item.
Banksy produced the artwork during a secret visit to Gaza that was blasted in a summer war last year between Israel and the Hamas movement that runs the territory.
St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum.
There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
Property developer Shropshire Homes is beginning work on demolishing parts of the asylum beyond repair.
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan.
While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white.
The rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium.
It was controversially captured during the annual dolphin hunt in the town of Taiji in January.
Tottenham face Newcastle in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino believes the Europa League is difficult to manage.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured hatred of Pennie Davis during six-year relationship.
He ordered drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
But Carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot.
Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £1,500 to commit the murder and was
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
Her mother suffers from Bells Palsy, among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
Bristol City beat Bradford 6-0 to secure promotion from League One.
James Tavernier opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol City's lead in the first half.
Aden Flint, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the Robins.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
When asked about Jolie's planned briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful'
Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm.
They said the Chinese made decorations were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'
The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24, and Polish girl Gena, 20, were married in 1995.
They were reunited two months short of their golden wedding anniversary.
Bergen-Belsen was liberated by the British Army 70 years ago this week.
Around 500 people were dying per day of typhus and starvation.
Darren Goddard, 48, left behind 18-month-old son Lewis Helget, 27, in 1989.
He moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother.
But six years later, he had moved back to the UK and married Aggi.
Mr Goddard's daughter Cally, 15, set him up with a Facebook page for him.
She was about to delete it when Lewis' appeal turned up on his newsfeed.
The pair now speak to each other every day via Skype.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London.
Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse.
The horse was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent.
California has been in a drought for four years.
'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said at a news conference held at Echo Summit in the Sierra Nevada.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him.
His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible.
John Terry led Chelsea to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Jamie Carragher believes Terry is the best defender to have ever played.
Chelsea need just six points from five games to claim their first Premier League title since 2010.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland, after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
'So I want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end. Understand me?' she wrote.
Kandrick called Rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop's Facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to Maaco.
The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a'strong woman' and said she had no problem confronting Kandrick herself.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday.
'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the man.
Police have not yet identified the woman's body but are investigating whether it could missing Canberra woman Daniella D’
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight.
He sustained life-changing head injuries as a result of the fall.
The family sued Staffordshire County Council for not doing more to secure the premises.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
One email, sent by city clerk Mary Ann Tw
Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work.
She divides her workers in interesting categories, yoking disparate occupations.
The scope of the book is broad. We meet those who are selling, entertaining, thinking, caring.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted pictures of their yoga adventures on Instagram.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds.
Their travels have taken them all over the globe, from Ubud, Bali, to Barcelona to the banks of the Hudson River in New York.
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding.
Murray flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to Novak Djokovic.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
Scientists unlocked the genetic code of bacteria grown from a soldier who died of dysentery in World War I.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tighten and took out inhaler.
She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat.
The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back.
Ms Hall said it was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before.
The House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, will hold a public hearing next month.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state.
It will allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby.
South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can't walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
When Scott fled
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife.
The society is offering tips on how to transform grey areas.
Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If it sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Three planes diverted in just over 24 hours over the weekend.
Medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for passengers.
Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the following morning.
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy.
The couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down.
They retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades.
Film features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart.
According to Michael Redwood, inevitable wind-ups surfaced 'whenever the devil inside' Peter O'Toole needed entertaining.
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
HM Passport Office made a surplus of £42.3 million between April and October last year.
NBC is investigating allegations that Brian Williams misrepresented his reporting experiences in war zones.
A February clip from Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart sees Williams launch into a story about how he'made eye contact' with a government soldier.
However, there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
It is not known exactly which parts of Williams's Egypt reporting are being focused on by the NBC committee investigating him.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London.
Despite being only a little wider than a rugby player’s shoulders, the estate agency blurb described the property as being 'well proportioned'
The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
QPR striker will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
England will no longer compete in the Victory Shield.
The Football Association do not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
The suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle.
He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car.
Josh Mason is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar.
He said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular'
Mr Clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since 2010.
The party secured 23 per cent of the vote in the 2010 election.
Anthony Joshua faces Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
Patrick Bamford scored his 15th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win.
The on-loan Chelsea striker equalled Hamilton Ricard's tally.
Malky Mackay's side remain five points adrift of safety.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers.
The 2015 Easter Parade bore little resemblance to the first one, which started in the 1880s as a strolling display of what prosperous New Yorkers wore to churches.
Lord Janner, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia.
He claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in four years.
The former Labour MP has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013.
A House of Lords spokesman confirmed the alleged paedophile signed the note himself.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years.
He has a BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels on his CV.
But despite his academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Mr Davies says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
PJ Spraggins, 39, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year.
His blood pressure was too high to perform the operation, doctors said.
After a year of grueling dieting and exercise, he was given the green light.
In February, the couple went under the knife together.
They are now back home and recovering in Birmingham.
Strapless dresses are a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses.
But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Lace pencil dress, £169, Monsoon.co.uk.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety.
Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline.
Boss Nigel Pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.
His mother, Jean Allen, said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Saturday, May 2, in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight, its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat.
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying.
The WBO, WBA and WBC titles will all be on the line when the two decorated fighters square off.
39% of voters now say they will back the Conservatives compared to 33% for Labour.
Comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes.
It comes after polls suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of the Tories.
Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month – while Labour has dropped two points.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.
Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the death.
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission and is currently being held on a $
Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election.
The 24-year-old made the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan.
Mr Cameron died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy.
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom.
The heartwarming epistolary book was published last week and has arrived just in time for Mother's Day.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last spring.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered, and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs.
But fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Sutton slipped over as he attempted to dodge the missiles for cover.
He was assisted to his feet and moved to the officials room after he managed to escape with no injuries.
A NSW police spokeswoman has confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old has been out for five months with a host of injuries.
Ray Parlour has backed the England international to be the club's future.
Parlour won three FA Cups with Arsenal, including in 2002.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
The goose's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Xabi Alonso has won Europe's top club prize with three clubs.
The 33-year-old scored the equaliser in his first season at Liverpool.
Clarence Seedorf won the title four times in his illustrious career.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as he lies face-down on ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
One clearly draws back his leg and swings it at his head, before beating him.
Chillingly, after beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave.
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino insists Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane.
Aston Villa travel to London on the back of a 3-3 draw with QPR.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday.
He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
More than a dozen Australians are reported missing after the earthquake.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest.
Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones.
Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria, and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59, who are believed to be missing following the quake.
Ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron's hand and 'complimented him on his appearance'
Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side.
Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps.
The 27-year-old told passengers: 'You can rely on the fact that I want to sit this evening with my family at the dinner table'
Two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented in 1915.
Len and Beatrice Barnes bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda.
But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is in charge of selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
Davis was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief and booked into the Osceola County Jail.
Kai Windsor, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl.
He would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around.
At four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short.
By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37.
Now, at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday.
She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter.
It revealed that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints.
Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again.
The game's designers continue: 'Anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time'
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave.
Wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season.
Liverpool's Raheem Sterling is an Arsenal target who also has his contract expiring next summer.
Alex Impey, a father-of-two, is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness.
He says he receives 20 requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney.
The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Users say it is as simple as placing into food or bottles for babies.
Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Steam shoots out at 50g per minute and the precision shot also releases steam.
Rangers will face Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3.
The Ibrox club's final game of the season will be moved back 24 hours.
Hibs chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints with the league.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has backed Hibs' stance.
Labour leader refused to guarantee Harriet Harman would become Deputy PM.
Just hours before party launched women's manifesto, he declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
Comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had said it would no longer allow'small screaming children'
The restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves'
Post was deleted by Monday morning after a torrent of online abuse from disgruntled parents.
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government, describing its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The former Liberal treasurer said there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher, more complicated and less economic.
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
Experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini had been in Jose Mourinho's thoughts all week.
Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.
Fellaini did play at Stamford Bridge but was dealt with in midfield by Chelsea's Kurt Zouma.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk on Thursday morning.
It was carrying an international crew of 132 when it sank in 15 minutes.
Rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway.
At least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms, including the words 'guilty', 'play', and 'famous'
The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model.
The ads, which feature Vin posing in boxer briefs, put his tattoos on full display.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The first leg will take place at the Parc des Princes.
Barcelona have already encountered PSG twice during this year's campaign.
Laurent Blanc's side boast five Brazil internationals.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks.
Mr Miliband’s enthusiasm for speaking from behind a podium comes after his disastrous party conference speech last September.
Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada.
Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs.
Stuart Broad eventually took the wicket of Darren Bravo.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border.
They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border.
Michelle, 27, unveils new range for Lipsy on Wednesday.
Says she's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years.
Tells FEMAIL how she drinks lots of water and takes a 'less is more' approach to make-up.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in Gallipoli.
Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch.
Later the Queen led nation during ceremony at Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret.
The Queen Mother enjoyed a drink of gin at 11am according to a new biography of her favourite servant Billy Tallon.
The Wave in the U.S. and Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
Experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day.
Icelandic Mountain Guides are among a host of companies running tours and charge from £65 for a four-hour walk.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, like $1,000, the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number.
However, sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent likely to sell at all.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Both were assigned to Naval Special Warfare Group Two, which contains SEAL teams.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Jerry O'Connell and Giuliana Rancic were pictured together at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June 2004.
Jerry appeared to be distracted while the couple posed for pictures.
Rebecca was all alone at the event as she had just announced her separation from actor John Stamos just two months prior.
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone.
FFA claimed the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players.
Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast.
The Australian all-rounder will join Surrey after the IPL.
Henriques will also be overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara.
Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund.
The midfielder hadn't played for the German club since March 2014.
Thiago said that seeing the reaction of the fans reminded him of the joy in the sport and admitted: 'Football is my life'
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.
'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary.
Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed, but that number was later changed to two.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third.
Manchester United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner will play.
Bishoo comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulieman Benn.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan.
The pair were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015.
McIlroy defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown.
Australian man Ibrahim Jalloh and another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison.
Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
Robert Ellis, 60, was found with his wrists and feet bound in Bali.
His body was found wrapped in plastic and dumped in a ditch.
Wife Noor Ellis told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson.
She was arrested along with seven other people, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids.
Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder.
Robert Durst sent bizarre letter to reporter Molly Hennessey-Fiske.
The 71-year-old real estate heir was arrested in Louisiana last month.
In handwritten letter, Durst mentions his love of opera and pro football.
He also mentions the lack of football in LA on 'politicos and business leaders' who 'have to fight rather than agree to disagree'
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research.
Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10.
Study says amount spent by Government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘still way too low’
AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
McCoy has been champion jockey every year he's been a professional.
He has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his 25-year career.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib.
A'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex coroner said.
Coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot.
She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in Minnesota in 2001.
She had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase.
It was claimed she had believed the film Fargo was real.
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own - Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter - newly released by American filmmakers.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
They wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents who live stressful lives.
Artist Xiao Wang said they chose the area due to the high population of young people.
He said living and working in Beijing is ‘very stressful’
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne will not be available for QPR due to knee injury.
Diego Costa ruled out for Chelsea with hamstring injury.
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar near Las Ramblas on Saturday night.
Father-of-four was dropped'miles away' from his hotel when he tried to get back to hotel.
He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at British Consulate.
Mr Carn handed himself into Consulate after walking for 20 hours to find safety.
His sister Anna Harvey said: 'None of us thought we would ever see him again'
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One.
Dean Bowditch scored the only goal of the game 25 minutes from time.
The Dons remain within a point of the automatic promotion places.
Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season after a 3-1 win at Notts County.
The grey'stealth' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year.
The increase has been put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity said the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company that treats them badly.
The organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens.
Nearly two decades after its closure, all that remains of the prison is cracked paint, crumbling hallways and empty cells.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
But he added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but on the issue of Trident: would but we could get rid of it but I fear that we can't'
Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident.
Edinson Cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The PSG forward insists the only issue he has is being played out of position.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit.
The Homeless Period project aims to highlight the plight of women living on the streets.
It is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter.
A campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough on the street of Brixton for six months.
She was forced to use makeshift sanitary products while menstruating.
The team behind the campaign, Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes.
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
Move comes ahead of military parade in Red Square to mark 70th anniversary of end of WWII.
Fashion line also features white, blue and red Russian tricolour on sleeves of leather bomber jackets.
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens.
She said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis.
Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Miliband's hopes.
Parents are letting their adult children live at home for longer.
The so-called 'boomerang generation' are putting parents under serious financial pressure.
Experts say parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away.
Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands.
Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a'money-making scam'
Retrosweat is an Eighties-inspired aerobics class.
Designed by former NIDA graduate Shannon Dooley.
Inspired by the era of old-school VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendship is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s.
Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run a marathon in each of Australia’s eight states and territories between January and September 2015.
The University of Sydney student is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia.
Malachy Frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old.
Every day in Australia, eight babies are born with a heart defect.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence.
The woman allegedly branded 'all Muslims ISIS supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf.
A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
'She wears it (her hijab) for herself, OK!' Ms Eden is heard
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on
Manchester United have signed a £750million deal with adidas.
The German brand will make their kits for 10 years starting from 2015-16.
Images suggest that United's away kit for next season will be white.
Nike replaced Umbro as United's kit supplier in 2002.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
Mr Farage today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
He said his protest was sparked by hostile audience reaction to his argument that high levels of immigration were increasing pressure on the housing market.
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage.
Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines.
ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX.
Reusing the engines will enable ULA to cut launch costs to about $100 million for a medium-lift booster and about $200 million for heavy-lift variants.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
The 26-year-old went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Her father Robert said it is especially painful that Stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne.
Clarke defended The Australian as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'
Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'
Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
The Australian arms of technology giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are being audited by the Australian Tax Office.
New generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet your needs.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service for make-up.
A huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle of a car.
The terrifying video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
It has already garnered hundreds of thousands of views on social media.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged.
Case stems from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
One of their fellow missile officers pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Kevin Sinfield is to leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Former England coach Tony Smith says he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition became too much.
She called a halt to it and is now paying for her gender reassignment herself.
Says: 'It's the only way I have of earning enough money to become a woman'
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico.
The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Victor Ramirez.
She was in so much pain she could not move and was soaked in fluids.
Her family flew to Mexico to collect her body after an autopsy.
Dr Ramirez lost another patient the year before her death.
Australian Medical Association has warned Australians of the danger of travelling to developing countries to seek cosmetic surgery.
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. No one was injured.
Police say he had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
According to KOAT, police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, won £7,864,529 Lotto jackpot.
He gave notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours.
His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Mr Dunning said: 'At the moment it just seems like numbers'
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week.
The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Former chairman Stafford Heginbotham was linked to eight other fires.
High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said fire was not started deliberately and was caused by a discarded cigarette.
West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
Barclays chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds.
Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing.
FBI released images of unidentified man they are trying to trace.
They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them rescue girl.
One picture does not show any abuse taking place, but shows man posing with her.
Investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak, the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last.
Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off, with balmy conditions set to continue.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital last August.
His parents were found in Spain but released without charge.
Staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights, travel and parking.
Some inmates have been awol from Ford Open Prison for as long as 10 years.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Murderer Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large.
Ford, near Arundel, was revealed to have the worst record for inmates vanishing.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
MoS analysis suggests Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page.
The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season.
Haskell has surpassed the 100 appearances mark for the club.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack.
She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on Channel 4's 'Four in a Bed'
During one of the episodes she responded to criticism of her hotel from a couple who said there were cheaper options for a budget stay in Blackpool.
Revellers in Jharkhand state tie themselves up onto a pole that hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
The annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and sees dozens of participants dangle over the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City.
The Mexico international has been on loan at Real Madrid.
Eight European sides are also interested in the 26-year-old.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
Deputy Labour leader refuses to rule out above-inflation increases.
Asked if party would raise levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT'
George Osborne said remarks showed Labour would bring back 'fuel duty escalator'
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007.
She has since undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister Dannii, 20, also had a tumour and is awaiting a scan.
Stacey has never been able to work since her diagnosis eight years ago.
The sisters have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses.
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the World Championships.
The 37-year-old beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield.
Dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning the title.
Janet Brown was found naked at her family home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire.
She was gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her back.
The 51-year-old nurse's naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs.
Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
A £20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to a successful conviction.
The miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level.
You can catch sight of ospreys at Rutland Water, especially during the summer.
A boat trip north will take you to the island of Stroma, now uninhabited.
Terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows men being beheaded.
They are accused of exploding a car bomb in Syrian city of al-Mayadin.
One by one, the men are marched to a wooden stump and killed.
Then an Islamic State militant takes their heads off with a sharpened blade.
The six-minute long propaganda video was posted online on April 5.
It depicts everyday life in ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back on August 16, 2013, in Duncan, Oklahoma.
Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Lane's parents, Donna and Peter Lane, listened to 911 emergency call.
Witnesses tried to resuscitate the young man who had stopped breathing.
Daniel Ricciardo has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics.
Australian driver finished third quickest in practice ahead of Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat pulled off track 19 minutes from the end of FP2 after his brakes caught fire.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
Mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
Husband's colleagues thought he had traded her in for a younger, slimmer model.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers is ready to recall Dejan Lovren for the game.
Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently.
Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C.
She has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment.
McHenry had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera.
'I'm in the news, sweetheart, I will f-----g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for.
She has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox to share some insider tips using her favourite high street buys.
One of her top tips is to have a dress that will see you through from day to night.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
They repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi, from Feltham, London, did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007.
But Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
However, Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby.
After IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after 20-minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
The 26-year-old now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Lisa's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Designers asked people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before.
Without the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark, which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night.
London's attractions draw millions of tourists every year, but there would be a lot less photographs taken in the city if Big Ben was not a feature on the skyline.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64.
Powers' on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it.
This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games.
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on the striker.
The midnight deadline passed without Madrid making a formal offer.
Hernandez has been restricted to just nine starts this season.
Barcelona eased to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control.
Thiago Silva and David Luiz struggled to cope with Neymar's trickery.
Yohan Cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
Bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat has reached 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder.
She is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
Carol Chandler, 53, accused of indecently assaulting boy under 16 in 1980s.
Charged as part of Operation Winthorpe investigation into abuse at St Paul's.
Former pupils include Chancellor George Osborne and headteacher Michael Ellis.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in blisters.
Now the mother-of-three has had to stop kissing her husband of four years.
The saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up, she claims.
Her condition means external exposure to water is the main problem.
Hugging her children can trigger an episode, as their body heat makes her sweat.
Even hugging her children, aged nine and two, can trigger reaction.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of major protest.
Miners have since appealed the order and spokesman, Kerby Jackson, confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from 'burning or breaking anything'
Leanne Bourne, from Romford, Essex, began to suspect her partner was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Now, three years after the affair, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
At one point Nikki's father makes an appearance, in keeping with tradition.
Fraser Forster has undergone knee surgery but will be out for several months.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman will wait for further updates.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign.
She gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Couple were insistent that they are not planning more children.
Mrs Cameron revealed her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose'
Pierre Collins, 33, was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10.
The boy's body was found in the Mississippi River on Saturday by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge.
Police said Sunday the boy's father, Pierre Collins, is a primary suspect in the case.
Collins has said he is innocent.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl was 'a fun thing'
The Brit driver grabbed his bottle of bubbly and turned it on Liu Siying.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism.
Siying has since defended Hamilton, saying she did not think too much about it.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring.
The 37-year-old made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
The mummies that remained intact were bound by rope and placed in a foetal position.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya.
The 15-year-old had dumped her for a classmate after he ended their relationship.
Police set up a sting operation, sending undercover officer to pose as a 'hitman'
He filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her teenage ex-lover.
After handing over expense money, she was arrested by armed police in her car.
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around.
Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away.
Police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014.
He claimed that he went to bed at 12.30am and awoke beside his car.
But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop after a collision.
They found him standing next to his car which had been involved in a crash.
Mr Boase was found guilty of drink-driving and disqualified from driving.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run half marathons and raised money for two friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth round of surgery on April 1.
He completed a total of 33 miles - longer than a full marathon - before his sore feet forced him to stop.
Gibbons are known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit.
They produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
But scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours.
Lar gibbons used hoo calls to warn each other of predators but also during more intimate moments like this.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
The Brazil international has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40-60m.
Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland on April 11.
Pardew has slapped a £20m price tag on the 25-year-old's head.
Young Star Wars fan met his hero R2D2 at a convention in Anaheim, California.
The pair began spinning around each other in circles and giggled.
Video shows the boy giggling with delight as the robot follows him.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
McCoy has three rides at Ayr today - Sea Lord, Upsilon Bleu and Lettheriverrundry.
The 20-time champion will retire next week.
Man, 29, had been playing the game for six to eight weeks.
He had just left the military and was in between jobs when he tore the tendon.
Doctors said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain.
This might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing.
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
Captain Alastair Cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott.
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Ballance, Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes departed deep into the final session.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver.
Corrales claims he held on the windshield wipers to make sure he did not fall off the car and a few blocks later Muller stooped and he was able to get off.
Police arrived on the scene and arrested Cor
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the Italian, concluding some time ago that he has no future at Anfield.
Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
He listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from the members of his staff who had encountered him during their time at Manchester City.
The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
Clarkson’s spokesman was unavailable for comment.
Aston Villa host QPR in the FA Cup semi-final on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood's side were beaten 3-0 by Manchester United on Saturday.
The Villa boss has vowed to give his friend Chris Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries to call him ahead of the game.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city.
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC.
They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars.
BBC also used a'sad face' emoticon to describe the death of the world's oldest woman.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled trigger.
Minutes later, he was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators are trying to determine where gun came from - and identity of person responsible for bringing it into house and leaving it within toddler's reach.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January.
There have been suggestions he could be offloaded by Jose Mourinho.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday.
Stoll, who currently plays for the Los Angeles Kings, was reportedly found with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 8.1 grams of Molly in his swim trunks.
He was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in a head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, was driving a car that spun out of control and collided with a ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
More than $32,000 has been raised online to help the devastated family.
The incident happened on Wyee Road near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast.
Night Wolves bikers have been banned from entering Poland for World War II memorial ride.
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves.
The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland.
They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but were then held in a hangar by Polish officials.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
But when the case appeared
A fed-up resident of Cammeray stuck a note to the windscreen of a car.
'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read.
The North Shore suburb was split on the parking issue, with other locals 'horrified' by the letter.
Experts say women are abandoning the traditional jewel in favour of exotic gems.
Increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen prices soar.
Kate Middleton proudly wore Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring.
Dick Advocaat takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil.
The 67-year-old says he will not underestimate the significance of the Wear-Tyne derby.
Rangers were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998 in the Old Firm.
David Cameron backs royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth.
Prime Minister said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
But he also praised the NHS, saying: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people'
Baby is already believed to be late and will be overdue if Kate doesn't give birth.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a scarf during her visit to Iran.
The Foreign Minister wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions.
Everton's first-team players attended the annual 'Academy Day' on Tuesday.
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session at Finch Farm.
Dino Maglio has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl.
The former policeman was sentenced to six and a half years in prison.
Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.
Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was'stupid' to spike her drink.
He was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and €15,000 to her mother.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games.
Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
One man in the Lord Nelson pub told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman.
Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of Kirkuk.
They were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics.
It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia.
Lucy Scott created the book after looking back at her own experience.
The Edinburgh-born illustrator captures every hilarious, terrifying or disgusting occurrence in a wry and relatable manner.
'Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year'
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season as Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1.
Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen scored for the visitors.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve.
Click here for all the latest Tottenham news.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques.
She claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth.
But the work was actually done at her home in Pontypridd, Wales.
Married mother-of-two 'dabbled' in school funds while headteacher.
Harkin jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud at Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court.
Cloud formation resembling Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Hunan Province.
Cloud appeared to perfectly mimick global symbol for wifi.
Chinese internet users have shared and commented on Shi's photo.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free.
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India.
To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German coach will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract.
Klopp has vowed to win as many games as he can before the end.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris, 47, was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009.
She was reported missing by her father after she failed to turn up for work.
Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and carried out a number of searches.
A 60-year-old man was arrested in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died.
The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while.
Odion Ighalo scored Watford's equaliser to secure a point at the iPro Stadium.
Darren Bent scored from the penalty spot to make it 2-2.
Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a strike into the bottom corner.
Marco Motta was sent off just before half-time for bringing down Johnny Russell.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders faces growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accuse her of ignoring rights of victims.
She ruled not to charge Lord Janner despite evidence of 22 offences.
But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before.
Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body.
His hearing-impaired sister, Alyssa, 9, picked him up and carried him home because he was unable to walk on his own.
The injured child, who turned 11 Tuesday, was later released home with 40 staples on his head.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years.
He began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month.
His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors.
Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him.
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho praised the 'top question' before giving an equally ambiguous answer.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority.
37% of floating voters have been impressed with PM's performance.
Nicky Morgan set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anyone who takes their transgender identity cannot be baptized - and could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion.
However, in the case of the three, they have managed to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
The medical community believes Morgellons is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or suffering from substance abuse.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
McCoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle’s friends.
The 20-time champion jockey will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 in the local derby on Tuesday.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the visitors.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
But it was the City boss who had the last laugh with a victory.
Richie Benaud passed away aged 84 at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Former Australia captain Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud on Instagram.
Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann hailed him as 'one of the game's greats'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti's side in the 25th minute.
Lionel Messi doubled Real Madrid's lead in the second half with a header.
Karim Benzema scored a double for the visitors before being taken off before he could get his second.
Comedian Chris Sussman revealed particular jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved.
Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall.
Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal involving Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results.
Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.
Atletico have won all three home 'derbis' by a 7-0 aggregate this term.
Manchester United were knocked out of the Champions League last season.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique all made the semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side.
But they are now in the last four of Europe's premier competition.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap, Freaky Friday and Mean Girls.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks.
Kate Moss was one of the most famous supermodels in the world.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia to reach the Fed Cup final.
The Czech Republic have been in four finals in five years.
They will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower.
His beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Kris said Mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games.
He said by 2010, Mark was becoming even more withdrawn.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife of ten years Amanda, 47, eight times.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back.
Friend Alfred Harris, a friend of the couple for more than six years, told how he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair.
Tulip Siddiq, a former aide to Ed Miliband, was at the Kremlin with her aunt.
She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Tories accuse Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded the victim's money.
The victim told police that he pulled $3,200 cash from his pocket and DMX grabbed it out of his hand. The rapper then got into one of four black Cadillac Escalades that fled from the scene
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in Britain on Tuesday.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union.
He was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda in the 1970s.
It came after he managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
Burger King will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags.
The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They were left by a barefooted early human that walked much like we do.
The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake.
Over a four year excavation period a total of 483 prints have now been uncovered - 99 of which were human.
This suggests Homo erectus may have hunted large prey in groups or hunting parties.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season.
It contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did.
A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Hearts face Hearts in the Edinburgh derby at Easter Road on Saturday.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs fears there would be crowd trouble if he'd agreed to have his side form a guard of honour for Hearts.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd have rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder.
Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states.
For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over Newcastle.
That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three.
Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland's survival attempts.
Suspect: Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire being used to radicalise Muslims.
Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in the community but 'have an ulterior motive'
Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
She wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
Environmental body says it may result in 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Manchester United are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
The club have signed a £750m, 10-year deal with adidas.
But there is no buy-out clause in the deal that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
United traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at Old Trafford.
Jim Ratcliffe wants to demolish a beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old businessman is based in Switzerland and claims that the new house will be his only UK residence.
He has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek permission for his new £4million beachfront mansion which can jack itself up in the case of flooding.
It will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and uses renewable energy such as solar power.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to secure a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste will face Empoli in the final on June 7.
Poundland's sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year.
The budget retailer is Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning:  'This child will be risk to you not just to us'
Terror experts have revealed the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
In August, notorious Australian terrorist Khaled Sharrouf posted a Twitter image of his seven-year-old son gripping the severed head
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer.
The men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
They release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke is under investigation by the NRL.
The 27-year-old posted an offensive comment on social media.
Luke had intended to donate a jersey to the injured Rabbitohs fan.
But the hooker hit back saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters'
Luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock.
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea.
Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than India’s.
Many people in the U.S., Russia or China never see the sea in their lives.
Analysts at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day.
They receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience.
Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
The competition's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult.
Children were tortured by their mother and her partner, who fed them drugs.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad.
Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory.
He equalled the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997.
Spieth was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta.
It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to victory.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe.
The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning.
Awford said his goodbyes to the Portsmouth players after he was informed of the news.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating online.
People urged her to sell the gun and buy another TV while others prayed for her.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday, when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James scored 23 points in the Cleveland Cavaliers' 114-88 win.
Kyrie Irving and Dwyane Wade scored 23 and 17 respectively.
James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Golden State's Harrison Barnes scored the game winning shot.
Houston beat Dallas 108-101 to move half a game ahead of Memphis.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London.
He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration.
Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to an end when the world No 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes for a 73.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain.
This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop cells developing connections between them.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Nigel Pearson's side face West Ham United on Saturday.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat their neighbours in six attempts.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about the last games against them.
The last time Real beat Atletico was in the Champions League final last season.
Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United in 1996.
Xabi Alonso scored from inside half for Liverpool against Newcastle in 2006.
Moritz Stoppelkamp volleyed the ball into the net from 83 yards.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore blue and black frock for BBC contenders' debate.
But on Twitter, it was all about the colour of her dress.
Viewers took to Twitter to insist it was grey, not blue.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the club.
Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China.
Pulis insists he has been told any takeover will not drag on.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara.
The 27-year-old batsman has cancelled the contract of Younis Khan.
Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon said he is 'a superb player'
Pujara will turn out for Yorkshire until Aaron Finch is free of Indian Premier League commitments with Mumbai Indians.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer.
The 25-year-old is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea have also expressed an interest in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent last year studying classic book.
Mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
Pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City's party scene.
While the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.
Craig Davies scored a brace as Bolton beat Cardiff 3-0.
Eidur Gudjohnsen put the Bluebirds ahead in the 55th minute.
Craig Davies added a second in the 73rd minute to ensure victory.
Bolton now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
He is working with an organisation called Because International which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in Africa.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a seven-inch kitchen knife.
The couple had been married for ten years when he discovered she was in a relationship with a man named in court as Nicholas Gunn.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday morning.
Friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
School district officials have not yet responded to requests over whether they were aware of the bullying claims.
Five nursing students from Georgia Southern University died in a multi-vehicle crash Wednesday morning.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, Morgan Bass, 20 and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, were among the victims.
The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the crash reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on campus Thursday night during an emotional memorial service.
New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as Pelicans reached play-offs.
Thunder missed playoffs for first time since 2008-09 with defeat.
Brooklyn Nets beat Orlando Magic 101-88 to secure playoff spot.
Memphis Grizzlies beat Indiana Pacers 95-83 to end Indiana's playoff hopes.
Golden State Warriors beat Denver Nuggets 133-126.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash boost would be paid for.
He said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy.
But he declined to go into further detail about how it would be funded.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year.
But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
Before she could tuck in, a member of the public shouted: 'She doesn't need a cake - look at the size of her'
Holly has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months
Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre.
The five-star hotel is situated in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district.
It's the perfect blend of opulent and edginess, with plush velvet and gold-accented interiors.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night.
He said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues.
Sawyer had mentioned President's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address.
Kylie Jenner, 17, tweeted an emotional message to her father.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday.
To the family's surprise the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers on the plane pretend that the overhead lights were candles for Mazzy to blow out.
The crew fashioned Mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Other healthy tips are to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord after nine years at Liverpool.
Kuyt signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club.
The 34-year-old says he is fit and has a great drive to make a success of his time at De Kuip.
Feyenoord director Martin van Geel: "Dirk can keep going for years"
Rajpal Singh, 34, went to a hospital complaining of a stomach ache.
Doctors thought it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer.
But they were amazed to find he had swallowed hundreds of coins and nails.
Over a three year period, Mr Singh had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries.
He also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014.
He said he was living and working in Tokyo, around an hour north, and wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
The photograph has sparked considerable debate on the website Reddit, with sceptics arguing whether the picture was modified.
Police are searching for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
If Phillips and Lachau aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, police said.
Police are worried about the welfare of the five children who were believed to be with them.
David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Labour leader Ed Miliband launched his party manifesto in Manchester.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 La Liga win over Celta Vigo.
The former Manchester United midfielder claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the match.
Neymar has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona.
University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of land.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
The nearest houses are about half a mile away from the site, and officials from the sheriff's office said the bodies would be surrounded by a seven-foot fence.
The 12-year-old victim was walking in a subway in Newbury, Berkshire.
Two boys approached him and sprayed him with highly flammable WD40.
They then produced a lighter and threatened to set him alight.
The victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.
Thames Valley Police are now hunting the pair following the threats.
Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan.
The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
Ali was in attendance for the LFC All-Stars match at Anfield last month.
Alastair Cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the World Cup.
Peter Moores' position is now as weak as it has been.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of a place in the Ashes squad.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears.
The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers.
Tillman is a franchise record holder for defensive touchdowns and interception returns for touchdowns.
Hull face Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are without a win in five games.
The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins last week.
Click here for more Hull City news.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands.
Bulldogs chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
It is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
The move comes after the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances.
Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight.
The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.
During the footage, you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to'separate these folks' and talk to them.
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and helped her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat and took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy.
The champion sprinter says he doesn't mind the impact that looking after Angela and Joshua is having on his social life.
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Linda, now 64, took to Instagram to express her support for her former husband.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
It was the Portuguese superstar's 31st career hat-trick and 24th in La Liga.
He equalled Lionel Messi's record in the competition.
But against Granada, Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto.
It includes several photographs of the party's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with the picture of Ukip's immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Hillary Clinton, currently 67, will be 69 when she takes office in January 2017.
If successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House.
A black-and-white image posted on her Twitter account this weekend showed a very young Clinton pointing at the camera, accompanied by the phrase 'Hillary's counting on you'
The image itself would have been shot while Clinton was a toddler just after the end of the Second World War.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow.
The Croatian also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday's 2-1 win at Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges.
They topped ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges.
A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia in the street.
If they had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012.
Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old man.
The offending continued until October 2015 across Hertfordshire, Avon and Somerset, Hampshire, Oxford and Surrey.
Woman, 84, was helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her.
She also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as various broken bones.
One onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood'
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain on Tuesday.
The world No 1 has won each of the four major titles so far.
But a wet course will play into his hands at Augusta National on Sunday.
Tiger Woods has the skill set to succeed for a fourth time, but he must answer big questions.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle on Good Friday.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos.
Adam Cuthbertson crossed for a try for the Tigers.
Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Under the deferred prosecution agreement, Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud, a criminal offense, in connection with the scam.
Nicola Sturgeon has denied claims she secretly hoped David Cameron would win election.
She told supporters in Glasgow today that she had asked Sir Jeremy Heywood to investigate the leaked memo.
Ms Sturgeon described the account of her conversation with the French ambassador as '100 per cent untrue'
The memo was written by a British civil servant following a conversation with consul-general Pierre-Alain Coffinier.
Mr Coffinier said he had no recollection of Ms Sturgeon's alleged comments.
Raul Hector Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement.
It would curb Iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions.
Obama said he is convinced talks are the best way forward.
Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
An audit by the UN's International Civil Aviation Organization found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She married Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna.
But by personal choice, Robin's acting career dwindled rapidly.
Now she's found acting success for the second time, already winning a Golden Globe for Best TV Actress.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his home in San Bernardino County, California, after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Eden Hazard is the red hot favourite to win the award.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane deserves to win.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
Eddie Howe said he felt 'heartbroken' by the result.
The idea of another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
Liam Ridgewell is in action for the Portland Timbers with the new MLS season well under way in the United States.
The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
Ridgewell: 'It’s wicked to see supporters' passion, and they carry that throughout the matches'
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
Officers were out in force, pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling.
The police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans, many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches.
Also watching proceedings was royal fan Terry Hut, 79, who provided the grey London street with a bright splash of colour.
Equally serious about the Royal Family is Margaret Tyler, 71, an avid collector of royal memorabilia.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
She recommended Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
'Today, we move on. Of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said.
The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation.
This is according to a British study that has discovered a catastrophic condition called'marine photic zone euxinia'
This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide.
The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne.
The men packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover.
However they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot.
They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their loot.
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement.
The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
Lawyers had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
Levy was fired in February 2013, days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the
Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians.
The evil dictator who they’re fighting is Margaret Thatcher.
Pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left: bolshie unions and minorities.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
One driver said people should always think about how they can make their partners happy.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, had gone to wash her clothes in the Vishwamitri River.
But a mugger crocodile grabbed her daughter's leg and dragged her into the water.
Vankar fought off the 13ft crocodile with a wooden washing paddle.
She said: 'I was using all my force to pull her back, but the crocodile was so powerful I could not move her an inch'
Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment.
The winger has been on loan at Stoke but damaged his hamstring.
Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for Moses in the summer.
The 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel.
His latest album, The Ultimate Collection, beat Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith.
It is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure.
The 59-year-old farmer put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
But he has refused to do so and further 'told the copper to p*ss off'
Mr Cook says he will add fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
Taylor also pointed out that many of the other people who could lose their residences are elderly, adding; 'Our homes are not for sale'
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection.
Nurses spent their day doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had gotten an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop.
Leaked emails reveal pressure from Sony and BBC WorldWide.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic.
He brushed his ankle against a bin bag, scraping the skin.
The scrape almost cost him his right leg, causing necrotizing faciitis.
Doctors were preparing to amputate the father-of-two's right leg.
But as they were printing out the paperwork, the antibiotics began to work.
As a result his leg was saved and his lymph system is now completely healed.
In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition.
He makes a joking reference to Jenner's transition while speaking with Amy Pascal.
This while the two are discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha.
Salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield.
Josh Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Sebastian Vettel won his first race in 35 grands prix in Malaysia.
The four-time world champion ended his 20-race drought.
Vettel returned to the team's factory at Maranello last week.
It allowed Ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike.
She has now joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
The mother-of-four saw her weight increase while she was raising their children Jake, now 20, Conor, 17, Liam, 14, and Kaine, 10.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists.
The 24-year-old singer-songwriter's Thinking Out Loud is the top song.
Sam Smith, 22, features four times on the list, including Stay With Me.
Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do is the third favourite song to drop off to.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
The clip was created by HLN's The Daily Share and shows the prevalence of this 'women's tax'
The practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene.
He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night.
She has appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
A group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G services would be ‘five times faster’
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
At the same time, the evidence suggests that services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
Hercules and Leo are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University.
They are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
A representative of the Long Island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition.
The Nonhuman Rights Project argue that the chimps are 'unlawfully detained'
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month contract extension.
The goalkeeper will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
Palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after Neteller ended their partnership with the club.
Vince Cable wants to spend another five years helping the Tories run Britain.
He says he would stop 'the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog'
But with Cable, the difference is strictly political, not personal.
His warm words for the Tories are all the more remarkable.
Cody Neatis, eight, has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection.
He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
The hospital does not have a special cot to keep him safe in his sleep.
His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him.
She fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen in the night.
Hospital trust insists it has ordered a suitable bed from America.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday.
The 37-year-old finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004.
Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the FA Cup.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
The Reds have a game in hand on their rivals.
Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways.
The 32-year-old Cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor.
He has pleaded for the government to legalise cannabis as his daughter's health continues to decline.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
Her mother is at odds with the father over his treatment options.
Three men accused of being agents of Syrian government have been executed.
Video shows them kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor.
They are blindfolded and filmed in a van before being beheaded.
One by one the men are murdered before their bodies are left on the road.
It comes just one day after ISIS shot and beheaded 30 Ethiopian Christians.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920.
Fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation.
Iceland's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
Clint Eastwood opted to film battle scenes for both Letters from Iwo Jima and Flags of Our Fathers in Iceland.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault.
A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Rebbie admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the girl while she undressed and showered.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
Taylor's injury record has severely limited his first-team appearances.
Brian Williams is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network.
It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotterill's side have already won silverware this season.
City are eight points clear at the top of League One after 1-1 draw at Preston.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
The jury of 10 men and two women took just a few hours to come back with a conviction in the case after hearing closing arguments Friday morning.
On April 15, 1996, Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter, Jennifer, ill for attention.
Kathy's lawyer, Robert Buschel, released Jennifer's statement on Wednesday, saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused.
Jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18.
Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign got underway.
The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event.
But her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion.
Clinton's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton's state political director Troy Price pre-vetted and drove a trio of activists to a coffee shop.
Two planes land at the same time at San Francisco International Airport.
Both planes' wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously.
Incredible video was captured by a passenger on one of the planes.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's army.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion.
Many of these commanders joined the insurgency in the mid-2000s, which was dominated by ISIS.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton.
The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast.
Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Betting on the new royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with the 18th, 19th and 20th April the most popular choices.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2.
The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the shoot.
It looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show.
Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen.
He previously voiced himself in Disney animation Cars 2.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter.
But he is now offering to post tweets for $20 for anyone who pays him $20.
The 46-year-old recently offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But last week Mr Jordan was told he was too ill for the operation.
Couple are now set to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital's chapel.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband's party in a key marginal seat in west London.
Sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq accused MailOnline of 'picking on her'
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle.
Her mother Jan had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Tesco said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark.
The man was arrested for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm on Friday.
He will face Brisbane Magistrate's Court on the morning of Saturday's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service.
Tens of thousands are set to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women.
In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate'
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse.
The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014.
Britain's aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
UK increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade.
They claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures.
After sending one, they were blackmailed into sending more.
Principal and police chief said they would be charged for distributing child porn.
On Thursday, a judge ordered that each girl receive $75,000 in damages.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday to show off his new watch.
The 26-year-old compared his watch to Michael Knight from Knight Rider.
Arsenal trail Chelsea by 10 points with six league games remaining.
Ray Parlour believes Jack Wilshere is the future of the club.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours.
Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Hillary Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
Last Monday, Google Politics tweeted what it said were 'Related questions to Rand Paul in the last 24 hours'
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
A dentist had testified the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
Wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole.
Kim Sears was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday.
The 27-year-old wore a black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat.
She wore the dress to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival.
He landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month’s meeting.
The 19-time champion jockey could have ridden Cause of Causes.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last' before deleting profile.
Mr Symonds decided to block user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday.
It emerged that the administrator who investigated the allegations was a former Lib-Dem member.
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Rugby Club against the Barbarians.
The hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts.
McGregor was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Rory McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'
Sir Nick Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
McIlroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam being chosen for the name of the second royal baby.
It follows the success of Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree, the Duchess' close friend.
The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker'
Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month, with a rumoured due date of April 25.
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances.
West Ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of Manuel Pellegrini.
Manchester City boss has lost six of his last eight games.
Mourinho says City boss is treated like a 'criminal' after poor run of form.
Chelsea travel to Manchester United on Saturday.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet.
Bournemouth's promotion means Arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
The Seasiders' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club.
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters gathered in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner.
Blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw with Reading.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire.
He rose to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards, alongside singer Jimmy Somerville.
Coles, 52, is now a regular on TV and radio, but on Sundays he performs at his 14th century parish church, St Mary the Virgin, in Finedon.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
The 24-year-old has been told he is'surplus to requirements' at Bloomfield Road.
Blackman was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work.
He has already played for 11 clubs in his short career.
Kim, 34, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.
The reality TV star admitted that she likes it when kid's wear'mini-me styles' and she loves'seeing kids in black'
Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in her Toyota Camry on September 26.
Her body is believed to have been in the car for three weeks.
Tong's boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case.
He bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared.
Li is wanted for the first-degree murder of Tong Shao.
State-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss.
It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines.
Also hit with a £453million restructuring charge, mainly due to a slump in the value of premises in the US.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted.
Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as separate category.
Move hailed by Islamic groups who say it is a 'positive step forward'
Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Only a few dozen tickets have been sold through the website.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage.
State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion almond market.
Residents have also attacked the bottled water industry and almond growers.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The talkSPORT lead football pundit was jumping up and down during the game.
Collymore called QPR's Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick.
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic made the best XI.
Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City.
Manchester United have had 75 representatives in best XI since the Premier League began in 1992.
David de Gea is the only representative from
Lord Prescott said he cannot see a problem with future King writing to ministers.
He said the Prince of Wales has 'a lot to offer this country'
Says he listens to everyone who contacts him on political matters.
The Labour peer published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince.
One expresses sadness at the death of Lord Prescott's mother.
A new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our family members.
David Beckham was voted number one choice for Dad.
Holly Willoughby was voted second choice for mother.
Katie Hopkins came bottom of the list for celebrity mother.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York City.
The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the Eastern conference.
Villa's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11.
Dave Roberts is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps.
But Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Mr Roberts said: 'I screamed like a child as I was going down, but thoroughly enjoyed it'
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct legal decisions.
But she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups.
Home Secretary Theresa May became first Cabinet Minister to question the DPP’s judgment in ruling that the 86-year-old should not be prosecuted on the grounds that his dementia is now too advanced for him to have a fair trial.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes in Saudi Arabia.
He was found with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and white wine in his car on August 31 last year.
The possession of alcohol is illegal in the country.
Mutty has spoken of his frustration with the lack of help he received from the Australian embassy.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
Andrew Surman's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici's far post.
Wilson was booked for diving in the 55th minute as the Cherries looked to maintain their position at the Championship summit.
French health chiefs say UK is responsible for sharp rise in youngsters who binge-drink.
They say it is an 'Anglo-Saxon phenomenon' and is being copied.
But critics say it's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age.
HSBC rejected £250,000 mortgage application because husband was too old.
Bank criticised for refusing to grant loan because husband would have been over 65.
Financial Ombudsman Service found lender guilty of being 'unfair'
HSBC was ordered to pay £500 to couple for 'distress and inconvenience'
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss.
Sean Dyche's side played like a side that took one look at Arsenal’s thumping defeat of Liverpool on Saturday and concluded that a place in the Champions League was already beyond their reach.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his championship lead.
Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate after the race.
Rosberg claimed that Hamilton was compromising his strategy.
Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong in the press conference.
Dundee United beat Dundee United 1-0 at Dens Park.
Nadir Ciftci scored a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead.
The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Scott Bain.
But his actions came back to haunt him as the Dark Blues earned all three points.
France recently passed a law banning models from the catwalk if their body mass index is too low.
Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags to clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
She said that as a teenager she too would have been deemed underweight because BMI calculations don't take age, sex or genetic body shape into account.
Pat Ingles, 69, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer.
She now lives in Menorca with her friend Julia Church, 67.
The pair often party all night in the Spanish island.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
Kramer also constructs more surreal variations on still life, involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background.
Hibernian beat rivals Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for the visitors.
Alan Stubbs' side remain level on points with Rangers.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Neymar doubled Barcelona's lead after half-an-hour.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Josh Meekings has been suspended for one match for an unpunished handball.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'
Meekings will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer Tony McGlennan.
The SFA’s disciplinary rules provide scope for action against sending-off offences not seen by the referee.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back.
Scientists at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
They cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart.
Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
Found that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
The researchers hope their findings could lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
Research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements.
Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, was a boy called Ian until she was 18.
She has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands.
Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode.
Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles.
Dubliner Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin, from Brighton, both offered up the double entendre.
Fortunately celebrity guest Dr Phil Hammond, who was in dictionary corner with Susie Dent, saved the day with nine letter word'recondite'
Only 25% of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43% who believe Miliband is most up for the fight.
PM appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a'sleeves rolled up' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a Tory victory.
Nigel Farage was the second happiest leader on 16%, followed by Mr Miliband on 13%.
Manchester United were watching Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain.
Anderson set up Lazio's winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg.
The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez set to leave.
Kim Jong-Un, 32, was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang.
Footage shows him waving and smiling with his right wrist in bandages.
It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator.
Doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist, and judged it to be a minor injury.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
Prices are being held down by falling cost of food, fuel and women's clothes.
England face West Indies in the second Test on Tuesday.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test through injury.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old.
She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
After a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle, she is seen nuzzling her mother.
The pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks.
It is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die.
Arthur Baldwin was arrested at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
The agency revoked his security clearance and put Baldwin on leave when the arrest emerged.
Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven on opening day of LV= County Championship match.
Alex Hales scored his first double hundred of his career on 222 not out.
Hales shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor.
Yorkshire captain Andrew Gale was back skippering Yorkshire again.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars.
Stoke City are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table.
Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing them a spot.
Stoke are set to miss out on European football next year.
Artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.
He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
A space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in Earth orbit.
It would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on Earth, and would enable people to live in space.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine last season.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
The 42-year-old had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia and Angola.
He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia.
Coroner records misadventure as a verdict at Bolton Coroners Court.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City.
The 24-year-old was signed up to a five-year contract last summer.
Pochettino is ready to sell some fringe players, but Rose is not one of them.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says she understands concerns of English voters.
She said: 'I understand how people south of the border think, "Oh my goodness how will it work?" It's a mess"
She also suggested David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was subjected to being rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin.
The screen also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer.
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th April.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage of its recent defeats.
The image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Some ISIS supporters appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at Tikrit.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday.
The espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on a sailing trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the boat and took all of their money after waving down the sailboat by asking for gas.
They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat.
The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth.
She also poured water over the dementia patient, court heard.
Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person.
But she avoided a prison sentence at Canterbury Magistrates' Court.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help Aston Villa battle relegation.
Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year.
The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and will face Louis van Gaal.
Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,00 years ago.
Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared.
CT scans of teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy show they belong to modern humans from this culture.
It has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976, and later in 1992, over whether the teeth and other artefacts found with them were Neanderthal or
Richard Hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' jobless lifestyle.
The 45-year-old appeared to have launched a new career as a documentary maker.
His Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's sacking.
He has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 held at Manchester Airport.
They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, was arrested.
Group is understood to include his aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and two of their children.
Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back to UK.
Scott went under the knife last week but has now been told he will have to be operated on again.
The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.
Edinburgh will be less confident of overcoming the Dragons on Friday and reaching the Challenge Cup Final.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent in a music video.
The Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing.
Pacquiao will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
Obama and Castro spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years.
The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas meeting, held in Panama, less than four months after they announced they would seek to lower tensions and boost trade.
Rebecca Adlington and husband Harry settle in at Anantara the Palm Jumeirah.
Their baby girl is due on June 4 and she is 28 weeks pregnant.
The resort is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona this season.
The midfielder assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the hunt for the treble.
Mohammad Liaqat stormed into Mount Carmel High School in Accrington.
He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents.
The 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at the school.
Headteacher Xavier Bowers banned Muslim pupils from growing beards.
Liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league.
The Swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television.
Ibrahimovic insulted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants.
He will miss games against Nice, Lille, Metz and Nantes.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race by slowing down.
Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Hamilton is bidding to win a third World Championship title this season.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional'mock war'
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani.
The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park where they shot him to death.
Cellphone records shared in court also showed the men communicating with Lloyd that night.
Surveillance video along the way showed Hernandez driving the Nissan shortly before Lloyd's sister saw him get into a
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout has been branded 'the biggest bout in boxing history'
Mayweather's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview.
Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Estate agents in London are offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price'
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax'
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane'
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley set to reunite for Absolutely Fabulous.
Film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France.
Saunders, 56, said she had been 'nervous' about writing the film script.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer.
Newcastle travel to Liverpool on Monday.
Amazing image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
It is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour.
Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park.
The crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws.
Of the 53 arrested in London, 16 were taken into custody, while 21 were released on street bail and asked to return to a station at a later date.
The Premier League returns this weekend after international break.
Premier League sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in September, October and November 2014.
Chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record.
Liverpool have a significantly worse record following the international break than in overall form.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The platform works real time, and the company have a 24/7 Customer Service.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11.
Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
He uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers.
The 33-year-old's decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Duffy's co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Aaron Cresswell has impressed for West Ham this season.
The 25-year-old has attracted the eye of the Premier League's Champions League clubs.
Chelsea and Manchester City are set to battle it out for the left-back.
Cresswell is on a five-year deal at Upton Park.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round.
Gonzaga had not fought in the UFC since 2011.
The fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round.
Christian Benteke scored the winning goal for Aston Villa against Tottenham.
The Belgian striker is back to form under manager Tim Sherwood.
Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th place.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid.
Hernandez now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne in Saint Etienne.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban for the offence.
Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with Leicester.
The 58-year-old actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters.
On Tuesday, she revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
They found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years.
Other factors include viral infection, dietary habits, birth weight and early weight gain.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
Ridley joins Chris Ivory and Bilal Powell at running back.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
Bosnia goalkeeper is out of contract at the end of next season.
Hughes has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in May 2013.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate to reach Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to seal victory.
Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich.
Police in Lewiston, Idaho, are looking for a passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff.
Sitko crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel.
Emily Reay, 17, has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter.
She is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria.
Claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years.
But on her return to lessons she claims she was ordered to tone it down.
Now, during her last year of A-levels she has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor faced off in the 1985 World Snooker final.
Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Darius is the king of the Continental Giant breed.
He is the size of an average eight-year-old child.
His owner, Annette Edwards, is a genius at giant rabbit-breeding.
She has held the record for the world's biggest rabbit since 2008.
The 19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago.
In 2011, Trokey was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck.
Trokey was one of the paramedics who treated Dr Shannon and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month recuperating.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke at Upton Park.
Aaron Cresswell had put the Hammers in front in the dying stages.
Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke five minutes into stoppage time.
Stoke striker Diafra Sakho is expected to be out for two to three weeks.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick in Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR.
The Belgian striker has scored seven goals in his last five games.
Benteke's contract is worth £50,000 per week and he has ambitions to play European football.
Wolfsburg have kept tabs on the 24-year-old since before rupturing his Achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot program for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
The program allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate.
Scot's College does not advertise their fees for tuition, sport and other curriculum activities, but in 2013 they were reported to be $30,900 per year.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Palermo forward Paulo Dybala.
The Serie A club value the 21-year-old at £29m.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are all interested.
Glenn Ford, 65, was released from prison in Angola last year after serving 31 years for a murder he didn't commit.
Marty Stroud, 63, visited Ford at his home in Shreveport, Louisiana, last week to apologize for putting him on death row.
Stroud wrote a lengthy letter to Ford, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year.
He said he was to blame for mistakenly putting Ford behind bars for the fatal shooting of a jeweler, despite no murder weapon or witnesses placing him at the scene.
Ford was convicted of shooting Isadore Roz
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull off trick shot.
The 23-year-old defender lifted the ball into the net to the sound of gasps.
Joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother, the youngster took to the garden to have a go.
He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Roland Giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank.
The fish swims away from the man's hand a few times but returns to be massaged.
After a while the fish enjoyed being stroked and Mr Giroux noted that it would become frustrated if he didn’t play with it on a daily basis.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, Lana Kington, Madison Lloyd and Madison Lloyd appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week.
The comedy trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die'
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
April Jones was abducted from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys.
Mark Bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been found.
Coral Jones, 43, has received hate mail blaming her for April's death.
She said: 'I blame myself every day for it but unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me I am a bad mother'
A young English fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
Ryan Skivington admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
The 26-year-old also damaged a TV and iPad worth £740 during the attack.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks.
Severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words: 'The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... Murder on my mind, and my mind on murder'
He was arrested in March 2014 over the murders after he sought asylum at the Russian Embassy in D.C.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City on Saturday.
The 26-year-old says his goal against West Ham may be his most important yet.
Leicester remain at the foot of the Premier League table.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an ATM to draw out the money.
But she was taken to the mine site where she claims one of the armed policemen raped her.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital.
But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase.
Porters are left to carry travellers’ heavy bags up and down the stairs.
The construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal.
Giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US.
They were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in.
The arrows were the first land-based navigation system in the world.
Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday.
He was speaking as a 3D hologram from his physical location in the UK.
The legendary physicist was asked about the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction.
But he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Without that run, they would have just 20 points from the Premier League.
Newcastle are lucky that seven points still separate them from the bottom three.
The gap to fourth has extended to 29 points.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving favourite food and drink.
As part of the Qingming Festival, China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
In Shaanxi Province, a huge outdoor celebration was held in honour of the 'Yellow Emperor' Huang Di, considered the founding father of the Chinese nation.
Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout.
The closure will cost Paris tourism almost €387,500 (£280,000)
Local media said staff who man Paris's Eiffel Tower would keep it shut until 6pm local time as part of the strike.
Local reports claim turnout across the country is mixed, with just 1,000 taking to the streets in Strabourg and Toulouse reported 8,000 attending demonstrations.
Governor Mary Fallin signs bill approving nitrogen as alternative method of death.
It gives Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
Proponents say it is 'foolproof' and requires no medical expertise.
Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by Oklahoma is constitutional.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
The 24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
He was jailed for nine and a half years yesterday after admitting a string of offences.
England captain Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning.
Coach Peter Moores and returning captain Alistair Cook put on a united front ahead of a five-week tour they cannot afford to go wrong.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany.
Belgian fighter Abu Mariya al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet, possibly to help him with his loneliness.
Parvez is frequently mocked for his love of junk food, possibly a major turn off for many of his potential brides.
Michael Owen claims Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool.
The former Liverpool forward has refused to back down on the claim.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a Qantas flight because of his autism.
Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother.
He was given the all-clear on Friday morning and flew to Brisbane for the weekend.
Qantas said it had not in any way discriminated against Ms Laurente and her son.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6.
On Wednesday, police released a report after an investigation into his death.
The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
She confiscated the note and when she turned around to look at the boy, she saw him climbing through a window before jumping through the
Bill Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987.
The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Police will allege that, during a weekend in 1987, a three year old girl was sexually penetrated four times and assaulted in a caravan.
Spedding refused to take part in a formal interview at Port Macquarie police station on Wednesday night.
His lawyer said the accused is adamant he is innocent and has done nothing wrong.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from the tournament.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace.
The 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season.
Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign.
He has been a mainstay in the first team, making 35 appearances.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer.
The 34-year-old has been one of Leicester's best players this season.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth holds a five-shot lead at half-way stage at Augusta.
He will be joined in Saturday's final pairing by Charley Hoffman.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 7:45pm UK time.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, Guildford Crown Court heard.
He was giving one-to-one tuition in a'serious' breach of his position of trust.
The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.
Shorter was bailed to appear before the same court on May 8.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on This Morning.
She recalled the incident involving her daughter Aimee, now 19, in 2008.
The council worker was handcuffed in front of her daughter, who has Down's syndrome.
Aimee was forced to watch the incident, all the while screaming 'I want my mummy'
Her mother launched a wrongful arrest suit and has won £34,000 in compensation.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
It is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles.
The National Trust bought the site from private landowners for £3million.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mario Balotelli made his first start in a Premier League game since November.
Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham drew 2-2 with Southampton.
Robert Huth has played a major role in Leicester's recent run of positive results.
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002.
The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner.
Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin.
Sir Paul and Ms Mills went through a bitter divorce in 2008.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents are distracted.
Researchers observed parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot Friday morning.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading. Police are still looking for more suspects.
Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer.
Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
Dick Advocaat's side won a derby in his second game in charge.
The first generation iPad was revealed by Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Owner Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills.
It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network.
But engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Sales of iPhones in China also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue.
iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China, where the company has big hopes for expansion.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'
Experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5% in first three months of 2015.
Down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014, according to the ONS.
Tories warn Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations.
Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California.
Police say he was involved in an argument with another motorist.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with murder.
Mr Brock's widow Julie said she and her husband had no idea who the men were.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat.
They are now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin.
Stoke City have opened talks over a summer move for Daniel Wass.
The 25-year-old Denmark international is available for around £3.5million.
Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
Labour wants to hit small- and medium-sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance.
They want to make it easier for employees to take firms to employment tribunals.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too nice.
Wards were reluctant to issue tickets, letting locals get away with offences.
Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12.
Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
The poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by South American tribes.
It later featured on the back of Clint Eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns.
Sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram have been central to a sales boom at the very British prestige brand Burberry.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
Benjamin Netanyahu said Iran's agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb.
Thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in the easing of economic restrictions.
But Israel, which fears an Iranian nuclear attack, issued a series of dire warnings.
Mr Netanyahu insisted that he and his Cabinet were united in ‘strongly opposing’ an agreement.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
And the party’s policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ‘many decades into the future’
Phil Jones wants Manchester United to 'turn up and play their football'
United host their 'noisy neighbours' at Old Trafford on Sunday.
It is the first time since November 23, 2013 that the Red Devils are ahead of City in the Premier League table after having played the same number of matches in a campaign.
Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
The water trick works because the water turns to steam, which rehydrates the bread’s crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust.
Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day.
Eden Hazard is the favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane is another of the favourites to pick up the individual gong.
Jamie Carragher says John Terry told his squad not to vote for David de Gea or Harry Kane.
Click here for more Chelsea news.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
Belgian defender has been in superb form this season.
Ronald Koeman's side have option to make deal permanent for £6.8m.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 won the box office crown for the third week running, taking an estimated $29.1 million.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Furious 7 is predicted to overtake the likes of Frozen and Iron Man 3 in a matter of weeks.
Thief posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church.
He took one bag and tried to steal two other women's bags before fleeing.
Police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender.
They are appealing to anyone who recognises him to come forward.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years.
He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
His special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
They came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire.
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean.
The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s.
Experts say the procedure should only be carried out when'medically necessary'
They say this figure should ideally be between 10% and 15%.
Mike Brown pulled out of Harlequins' clash with Saracens last weekend.
Northampton wing George North has been advised not to play again.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots on Sunday.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rory McIIroy finished fourth behind Spieth and Rose.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.
He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman. former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor.
Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
The Welshman faces a race to be fit for the Champions League semi-final.
Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Two robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door.
Police have appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books.
It is said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows American audience.
Historian Lucy Worsley has previously questioned the authenticity of some aspects of the programme.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says the team will keep calm and carry on.
Hamilton is a three-time winner at the Shanghai International Circuit.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take.
The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
Defending champion Shane Byrne completed the front row of the grid.
Laura Wells, size 14, lived with'skinnier' models ahead of Fashion Week.
Says agents told her to stick to diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'
Also revealed she wanted to 'punch' a model scout when they suggested she could get work as a plus-size model.
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup on Sunday.
Hugo Lloris is out injured with a knee injury.
Mauricio Pochettino has praised Michel Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen.
His mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes.
Ted Loveday answered 10 starter questions in last round of BBC quiz show.
Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge beat Magdalen College, Oxford.
Viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess.
But the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
He penned a letter to Mr Joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision.
Mr Prasetyo said the executions would serve as a warning to others, don't even try to commit these drug crimes, to think a thousand times, that Indonesia will be strict.
Indonesian attorney-general H.
Woman forced elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand.
The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester.
Eddie Hearn has offered £1.5m to the two boxers.
Quigg's promoter offered the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman's career.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
He claims staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
The 49-year-old said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold.
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Maarij Khan and his mother are set to be deported from their home in Newcastle.
The Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK.
Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Maarij's 10-year-old brother Saffat died of meningitis last month.
Gareth Silk and his friends from Cwmbran, south Wales, were inspired by the Money Supermarket advert.
The group of six descended on the promenade of Benidorm, Spain.
They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts.
Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini says his club must buy young talent.
Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the champions.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole.
Policing blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to cope.
They include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia aged 13.
She would hide food down the side of her bed and eat 100 calories a day.
Her body started to shut down and she was put on a heart monitor.
After a week of eating virtually nothing, she collapsed and was rushed to hospital.
Laura has now spoken out about the pressures on girls to be a size zero.
L'Ardéchoise site in the Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park.
It's a quiet, well-established, family friendly site nestled on the banks of the Ardeche river.
The big hit for our boys was the pool complex - it included a waterfall and 'rapids' section that kept them amused for hours.
Tiger Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
The former best player in the world arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game.
Woods is on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country.
He also warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Homosexual acts are punishable by death in Iran.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium.
Olivier Giroud put himself about against the Gunners.
John Terry and Gary Cahill kept things tight.
Ramires missed a glorious chance to put Chelsea ahead.
Ellen Gallant was on Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster.
Dr Gallant and an Indian doctor rushed to help the injured in difficult conditions.
But she said there was nothing they could do to save a 25-year-old Sherpa.
A suicide bomber attacked the convoy before militants opened fire.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, the commander of the Iraqi first division, was killed.
A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah in the Anbar province.
Fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of Ramadi, where the government had been making slow progress.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler.
Prior admitted he may never play again for Sussex.
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.
The family consisted of a black mother and a white father.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
Her salty husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.
'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them.
It came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C at St James's Park in London and at Frittenden in Kent.
Temperatures will fall from the mid-20s yesterday to 12C today, forecasters predict.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
It is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving.
Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
Many people threw strange sideways glances at the man, trying to understand what he was saying, with one man declaring 'that's Spanish!'
Murray even managed to stump a speech therapist who struggled to understand the Aussie accent.
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
The centre back was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho will miss Liverpool's clash with Newcastle United on Monday night.
He will also miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley on April 19.
Spain lost 5-1 to Holland in a friendly at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday.
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored for Guus Hiddink's side.
Vicente del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes.
Del Bosque was impressed with the debuts of Juanmi and Vitolo.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
The Everton forward has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool.
Naismith is the latest recipient of the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent Mumia Abu-Jamal letters wishing him well.
The 60-year-old was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly.
The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him.
Fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself.
Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream for the two to share.
This after the host pointed out some of his brash behavior in the past, and even compared him to The Hulk.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-4, 6-3 in Miami.
Isner is the first American to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray will face Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half to help Crystal Palace to victory at the Stadium of Light.
The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray.
Alan Pardew's side were beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in Dublin.
The England No 10's solo-try was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Bath's Anthony Watson was sent to the sin-bin for 10 minutes.
Olivier Rousteing has revealed why he chose Kim Kardashian and Kanye.
The designer says they'represent a family for the new world'
The couple have a 22-month-old daughter North.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
They say he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to fraudsters while working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown present an online science show on AsapSCIENCE on YouTube.
They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action.
Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports.
Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights.
Unmanned drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to aerial photography.
Frances, 53, spent the Easter weekend with friends and family in Barbados.
She has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
The pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
Clarkson left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
Bentley Motors' top designer criticized Ford's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook.
Luc Donckerwolke thought the Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon as part of an effort to rebuild the brand's image in the United States and China.
Jack Nicklaus made a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest.
The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip.
The father-of-two smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video in which he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex'
Ian Merrett, 28, accused of wolf-whistling Poppy Smart, 23, every day.
The marketing co-ordinator said he whistled at her every day for a month.
Miss Smart filmed the taunts and asked West Mercia Police to investigate.
Mr Merrett said she should take it as a compliment and should never have gone to police.
He was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for an unprovoked attack on a train.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier.
The Queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE) Day.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10.
Khloe, 30, has shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles.
She recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
It’s previously only been possible to convert between 30 and 60 per cent of plant sugar into hydrogen, by using industrial catalysts or fermenting techniques.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Dark chocolate is particularly toxic, causing canine kidneys to fail.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her noisy neighbours.
She dropped a thank-you card and gifts over the fence to them.
But after a month of not hearing back from any of the boisterous lads, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page.
'I'm impressed by the lengths you went to creatively to get your point across and even more by the audience it reached,' he said.
He went onto apologise for the'music festivals and comedy galas' and added that the deaf man and those buried in the cemetery, that
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
The Dutchman has been revelation in his first season in English football.
Only a point is needed to break Premier League points tally set last season.
Koeman's Southampton only need a point to break the record.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden, stayed at the family-run hotel in Cyprus last week.
They thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
But it didn’t live up to its billing and it didn't match the photos they saw online.
The pair explored the hotel, including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets, in the video.
Jordan Spieth wrote a letter of thanks to the Murphy family six years ago.
The PGA golfer was on a scholarship at Jesuit High School in Dallas.
In the thank you note, he wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
Spieth, already dreaming about winning the Masters, was already an extremely talented golfer in 2009.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week.
He said he had agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the Sky Bet Championship club.
Blackpool fans have been protesting against the Oystons before matches.
Over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in only three days.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
Liverpool and Manchester City are keen on the England winger.
Walcott is scheduled to sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2.
The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the Fight of the Century in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family.
Their son Floyd-Henry has Achondroplasia dwarfism.
The Morley's released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
Less than two years later, Floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales.
The 24-year-old was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
He was charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
His identical twin brother moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 and now lives in South Australia.
Ms Scott was preparing lesson plans at Leeton High School for a relief teacher who would be working in her place while she was on her
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending.
Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, it is claimed.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
The Liverpool super-middleweight has not fought since November 2013.
Ward's WBA world title is unlikely to be on the line.
Smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to Arthur Abraham.
Ards Borough Council put on taxpayer-funded dinner to'maintain morale'
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before dancing.
Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year.
A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for staff.
It is the first the council has hosted in recent years and will be their last.
Members of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen.
They freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders Khalid Batarfi.
Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, an official said.
Elsewhere, the advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on official engagement next Saturday.
Duke of Cambridge plans to do 'everything he can' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph.
Kate, 33, told wellwishers last month: ‘I’m due mid-April, to the end of April’
Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the US and Canada has now been resolved.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
Earlier in the day, a young barrista named Jaleel working at a Starbucks coffeehouse on 8th Street in Manhattan told Daily Mail their system went down at around 7.30pm.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami Open to Andy Murray.
The Serbian player started shouting at his backroom team.
Djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire.
He posted a message apologising to the youngster and his parents.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big.
After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Currently trying to sell off the home is Indiana-born, Florida-based tech investor Chad Folkening.
Robert De Niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
He said if Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'
The Goodfellas star said she has 'paid her dues' to be president.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013.
Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues.
Then, on May 8, 2014, Lombardi asked for career advice from Albert 'Chip' Colley,
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds.
The Norwegian beat off competition from Holland's Niki Terpstra.
Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position with Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara missing through injury.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's New Year's Eve party.
His friend Rob Gaskell, also 24, tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance'
Pair are getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals.
Cambridge supporter Simon Dobbin, 42, remains in a medically-induced coma since being attacked after their game away to Southend on March 21.
Police said the force has also seen an increase in the'severity and volume' of football-related disorder this season.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
The supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku.
Belgium international has struggled to find his form after the World Cup.
Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden.
A Northern Territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli - 25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning.
The mother of-four said she loves the clouds and often photographs them, but she's never come across one shaped like this.
The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi.
It beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003.
Another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km /h)
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 came in second with 81.01 per cent of the vote.
Fiat Panda Mk2 came in third and fourth place, respectively.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, Mexico, last week by federal police officers working for Interpol.
She was reunited with her family after a DNA test proved she was not the daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her father in 2007.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Garcia last week.
In the end, the Mexican judge ruled in Garcia's favor based on a car
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
'It's not like a choice. It's like I was drafted,' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker.
Liana Barrientos, 39, pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle.
He then went for a lie down, at which point his family called Royal Darwin Hospital.
Duchess of Cambridge expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
The 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April.
Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be Wednesday.
Sources say doctors have already spoken to Kate about being induced.
Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in July 2013.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
The fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history will depend on what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier was one of the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game.
Cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades.
Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod.
But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane delivered a team talk during Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa.
Danny Higginbotham describes the speech as 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'
The former Manchester United defender scored in Sunderland's draw with Villa that day.
Proton Partners International Ltd is to open three centres in the UK by 2017.
The centres will be available to NHS cancer patients in Cardiff, London and Northumberland.
Ashya King, five, was given the 'all-clear' after receiving proton beam therapy.
His parents fled to Spain in a bid to protect him from the devastating side effects of NHS treatment.
Professor Gordon McVie, senior consultant at European Institute of Oncology, has been appointed chairman of the group.
Thousands more people have contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011.
Nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014, according to Freedom of Information request.
But number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a 'national scandal'
Air Malta passenger jet took unusual flight path to celebrate wedding.
The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast.
It was to celebrate the marriage of one of the airline's pilots to a cabin crew member.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary.
The programme divided opinion with its debut in Birmingham's James Turner Street.
Viewers were split in opinion last series, with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
A duffel bag containing human remains was found in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It was found on Loughery Way, just a block away from a police station.
Suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on Monday, has been arrested.
They are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains'
It comes as more human remains have been found in common area of an apartment complex on 6th Street, across the road from where bag was found.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December.
The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
It caused police systems to be down between four and five days.
Police Chief Timothy Sheehan said: 'It made you feel that you lost control of everything. Paying the Bitcoin ransom was the last resort'
Workers in China have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet up a mountain side in Pingjiang County, Hunan province.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
The road would have stretched for nearly two miles around the cliff top, making it China's longest mountain sightseeing road.
Three terror suspects have been named but cannot be identified.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her long-term boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him,' Jahnae told Daily Mail Australia.
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs, before the squirrel ran off.
The Indian palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
His wife says he has run out of blood pressure medication and guards 'don't care'
The pair were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Judge has since extended their custody licence, which will be up again on April 12.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma.
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
Schre
Tom Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic.
The Swansea midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks.
Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea since joining last summer.
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple.
They rented a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February.
While serving snacks to the public, a team on the inside was hard at work digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda.
After two days of investigation, police officers located the tunnel and were able to determine its source.
Five gang members were arrested and three people are still on the run.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of school for poor attendance because of her Leukemia.
Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose McGrath and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance.
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose said tearfully of her school kicking her out.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Players can access their own suite by a finger recognition system fitted on the door.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections.
But they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats.
The campaign's 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' allegedly protects users from the preying eyes of the government.
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX.
But quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen at the White House.
A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area.
He claimed he needed a toilet break while en route to a court in Hyderabad.
But another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
Five men were all killed in the shooting, while one of the 17 officers was hurt.
Incident comes two days after gun battle in same state left two terror suspects dead.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died at their home in Failsworth, Greater Manchester.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Miss Murphy, a retired office clerk, had lived at the property all of her life, having looked after her elderly parents.
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show.
He blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars.
The 66-year-old said: 'It is no wonder the Chart Show is a complete failure'
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously.
He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause.
Mr Balls said: ‘It's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions, so that's the last one I'm going to answer'
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, was stationed at Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying.
Cheryl's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko slammed his patrol car into Mario Valencia.
The 36-year-old allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air.
He then sped straight toward the armed robbery suspect.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying.
Colin, who has autism, was elated to receive a reply granting his request.
'With this goodness in your heart, you can be married,' the letter said.
Jordan Henderson wants to stay at Liverpool but is yet to sign an extension.
Liverpool vice-captain is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about Brokaw, whom he succeeded at Nightly News in 2004.
'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality,' one executive told the publication.
Rotherham council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates.
Former chief boss Martin Kimber left in December after grooming scandal.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday.
He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham.
Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
It later emerged that the PM actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
A senior Conservative source told MailOnline the PM had not returned to London on Friday on the party's battle bus - but had flown back from Clacton-on-Sea.
FIFA said it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed.
No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
Tim Visser is hopeful he can end his Edinburgh career at the ground he will call home next season.
Edinburgh will have to see off Newport Gwent Dragons if they are to reach the final at the Stoop.
Visser was one of Edinburgh’s key men in the dramatic win at the Madejski Stadium.
Danny Willett is playing in his first Masters at Augusta National.
The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 on Thursday.
Willett was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his way.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration 'The Doll House Collective'
The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects.
Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women, and said the speech she gave about having women in companies was inspirational.
£2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha.
But when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it.
Border Force refused to return it because it did not have endangered species permit.
Now, she has been handed victory by a tribunal judge at the Royal Courts of Justice.
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in Bundesliga clash.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent.
At the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers’ bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts, and the increasing fees demanded by churches.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients.
Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money.
'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients,' he said in the interview.
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Quilty has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life'
The artist has led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government.
The Productivity Commission has suggested extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage.
Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says it's not the answer to limited childcare.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
Lawrence Phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game.
On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.
Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in the cell he shared with Phillips, 39, at Kern Valley State Prison.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column for the Military-Industrial Courier.
He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos.
Sivkov said that the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the borders or Russia'
The military man says that detonating nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean would create waves almost a mile high that would sweep inland.
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
But after reading congratulations notices, they realized they would have to take online classes for a year.
The classes are part of a new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015.
PaCE aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the flagship university.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
These are thought to possibly be expanses of ice inside a crater on Ceres.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job.
He hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday.
Hutchinson is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
'My son Seth, signed the petitionasking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said.
The unusual move means Hutchinson doesn't risk a veto-override in the state legislature.
Lawmakers could refuse to amend the bill and force his hand, or they could do
The decision to ban Hardy follows a two-month NFL investigation.
He was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder, and threatening to kill her.
Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence'
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter.
They accuse the CPS of orchestrating a 'whitewash' over Lord Janner.
The CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting him.
At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010, including ten in the past year.
Her Majesty was seen riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry.
The Queen, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof.
Today's second riding partner, Lord Vestry, is a close friend of the Royal Family.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck.
Across all age groups, 86 per cent said it was a problem – compared with 77 per cent last year.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
Robot was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week.
It would randomly purchase an item offered for sale on the deep web.
The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists.
They then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen.
However, it seems the bot crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets, which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a DVD case.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Costel Pantilimon scored four goals in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.
The Black Cats are three points clear of the relegation zone.
Dick Advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road.
Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
Esparza was arrested in connection to the slaying when she re-entered the United States for an academic conference.
Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
The 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile as it tries to get its balance.
Later in the video the elephant appears to be stuck as it attempts to propel itself forward with its back legs dangling from the floor.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, Dorian Jones and Tom Prydie scored tries.
Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues.
A $250 (£168) device called Neurio claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines.
This allows users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.
Neurio monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
It can also be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by the likely appointment of Michael Vaughan in the new ECB director of cricket role.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside.
Police arrived after a wait Coria said approached two hours and arrested the man.
A search of his truck turned up an illegal pistol.
In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry.
Stars including Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now it's time for their daughters to take the reigns.
Many of the models of the moment have come from supermodel stock.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has also been photographed smoking.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli.
Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at 10am.
The cruise liner said that boarding is expected to commence at 2.30pm for their modified 7-day Isle de Pines vacation.
Photographer Seth Casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure.
The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world, chubby-cheeked, curious, mischievous, and playful.
Casteel says he was drawn to create the book after hearing of the shocking statistics of the numbers of children that drown.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud and Kolo Toure are both in contention to replace Martin Skrtel.
The Frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games?
Germany World Cup-winner Per Mertesacker is expected line-up in defence for Arsenal.
The eight-inch leather dildo was discovered during an excavation in Gdansk.
It dates back to the second half of the 18th century and has a wooden tip.
Archaeologists believe it was dropped by someone in the toilet.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Russia allows imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18.
Clinton's video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, holding hands.
EasyJet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month.
They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation, but easyJet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee.
The Association of European Airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery.
Now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
Vanessa Santillan, 33, was found strangled and beaten to death last month.
Her body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London.
The Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
A 23-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed.
Leicester have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former Sheffield Wednesday boss Howard Wilkinson.
The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent of Massachusetts residents questioned believed he should be put to death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh-in on May 2.
Boxing fans hoping to attend must buy advance tickets.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on Friday at 8pm.
All funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather and his opponent.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee 'invited woman in for appointment to discuss application'
He locked doors of room they were in and raped her, court told.
Woman, now 27, claims she became pregnant before suffering ectopic pregnancy.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to their already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Republican leaders in the Hoosier State conceded this week to critics arguing that their state's law inadvertently left room for discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Charlene, 37, presented Novak Djokovic with his Sportsman of the Year award.
Presented the award during the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo.
Charlene is a mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee next weekend in Limerick.
The 31-year-old has a 71 per cent knockout ratio.
Quillin was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to Lee.
Fabio Capello says John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy.
Capello was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011.
The Chelsea captain retired from international football in September 2012.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week.
The 72-year-old had been at the club for almost 40 years.
Pep Guardiola is in a stronger position than ever, according to a Bayern insider.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape.
Everton have put together their best sequence of results in over a year.
Martinez does not think their potential to make new signings has been effected by a lack of European football.
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The hotel, lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Guests can enjoy a day on the lake in canoes, one of many available outdoor activities.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He is said to have driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them.
But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost.
Prosecutors say the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, the pair boarded a plane to Europe.
Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'
Only 30 per cent of people in the UK consider themselves religious.
This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent atheists.
China was at the bottom of the list with 61 per cent saying they are atheists.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south.
The 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan at 0143 GMT.
Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital.
Romelu Lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola.
Raiola said Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has dismissed the claims.
Lukaku signed a five-year contract at Goodison Park.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without a booking.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was hotly tipped to win the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday.
The 18-year-old amateur jockey collided with the fence with such force that he pivots.
Ferguson managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.
Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy at the Masters on Wednesday.
McIlroy is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston.
Horan revealed that the One Direction singer will sing with him.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
Raheem Sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old.
England winger turned down a Liverpool contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 in their Aviva Premiership clash at Kingston Park.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Bath fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Monroe County, Michigan, on October 26.
She was dressed as the fictional comic villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party.
Her body wasn't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover reversed into his Rover 75.
Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome.
His lawyers claim he has been put under surveillance and shown to be far from the wreck he claims to be.
He was filmed meeting up in a coffee shop with his celebrity friend Max Clifford.
Mr Morgan claims he is in so much pain, particularly in his neck, that he only rarely leaves his house.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
But Mr Tsipsras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He said Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in opening rubber.
Russia need one win from Sunday's three matches to reach final.
Hermann Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief.
He plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him for his role in the mass extermination of Jews.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National.
The 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56am.
Willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Kevin Morton, 49, gave son Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet.
Kye, 13, was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria.
Morton has admitted manslaughter and could face jail.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
Southwest employees gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce signed a modelling contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in London and Milan under the name Sam Worthen.
Vietnamese woman was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Pep Guardiola chose to join Bayern Munich instead of Chelsea.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012.
But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers.
Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Donatella re-posted the snap on her own account, captioning it: 'Together we break fashion boundaries today!'
Mats Hummels has indicated he is ready to join Manchester United.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended practice behind Lewis Hamilton, his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Most observers thought Ferrari’s win in Malaysia might be a one-off created by the absurdly hot weather.
Manchester City lost 1-0 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Krueger died of a gunshot wound to the chest. He was photo editor for the UK campus newspaper, the Kentucky Kernel.
David Alaba has had his cast removed following knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Alaba is a key player for Pep Guardiola's side.
Jason Lee, 38, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in East Hampton.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike.
The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth.
She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw blood on her shoes.
When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies.
Tony Pulis insists he will never take his cap off during a game.
Abbey Clancy, 29, is the winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing.
She joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27.
Clancy, who is mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia, says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.
Poll of 2,000 women discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday in Rome.
Bezos blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori.
The 51-year-old was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% considering quitting altogether.
One in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt described situation as 'worrying'
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the drop zone.
Bruce is confident he can keep Hull in the Premier League.
Josh Meekings was served with retrospective notice of complaint after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident.
Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the Final against Falkirk on May 30.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
This family of frogs has a unique trait not seen in other frogs.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) in Munich, Germany, for the operation.
Dentist claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped patients.
In a letter to his lawyer K claimed he had healed the patient by removing his 'poisonous' teeth.
But in court K said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Gary Cahill has won back his starting spot at Chelsea.
Arsenal have kept six clean sheets in 12 Premier League games.
Vincent Kompany's recovery from a hamstring injury was supposed to be the boost Manchester City needed.
But instead has marked the collapse of their campaign.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants.
Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes.
More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea.
The Stoke City midfielder scored from inside his own half.
David Beckham did it against Wimbledon in 1996.
Wayne Rooney scored it against West Ham last March.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.
In the programme, set to air on STV in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight, she reveals how Margaret Thatcher inspired her to get in to politics – but not for the reasons the 'iron lady' would have wanted.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag.
She has been in a Rawalpindi prison since March 14.
Her lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand money over to her brother before flying.
They claim she is being targeted because of her celebrity status.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
This difference may seem slight, but it suggests it could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range.
The claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors on Tuesday.
He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook.
Apple describes Force Touch as the'most significant new sensing capability' since Multi‑Touch.
It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
He is currently halfway through his six-month suspension from his roles as anchor and managing editor of NBC
Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
The Bavarians are without Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
Pep Guardiola's side are without Holger Badstuber and Philipp Lahm.
Leverkusen have won their last five Bundesliga games without conceding a goal.
Tiger Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
Woods is 12 strokes behind the leader, 21-year-old Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
He said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him: 'absolutely sick to my stomach'
This comes as Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
She
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis.
Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex.
He said: 'Every day is difficult for me as it's very painful and bleeding'
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London.
He was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes filled with sexual fantasies.
His entire oeuvre was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Prince Abdul Malik wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah yesterday.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time.
Celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Florida at 4.10 ET today.
It was the company's third attempt to land the leftover booster.
The impact of landing caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
Manchester United host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011.
Michael Owen scored a 96 minute winner for United in September 2009.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern team.
Real Madrid will face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind.
'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
The list of the killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who poisoned as many as 60 patients in a variety of different hospitals.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Bibi's brother says Siddique became enraged after learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
His father then beat Bibi before dousing her with petrol on April 17.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
The jump came after the internet watchdog was told that it could proactively seek out abusive content online, in order to shut it down.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says Ed Miliband has allowed himself to be 'kicked around'
She says Labour leader has been 'bullied' into ruling out a coalition deal.
Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
Mohammed Mohsen captures the orange cloud getting thicker as it disperses and engulfs the road.
The man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier.
The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges.
HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register.
Jury at Guildford Crown Court found him guilty of raping a fellow student.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia.
Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Snowden admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from GCHQ and NSA.
Former US spy also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up'
He said potentially catastrophic blunders were a 'fundamental' price of liberty.
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win.
Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction.
Calf in northern India has five mouths - the most ever seen on a calf.
He opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders.
But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
Shocked locals have called the calf Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna.
It can also mean 'one who pleases others' in India's Hindu culture.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future.
It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a pond in a rural area of Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
David and Samantha Cameron pictured at breakfast with their three children.
PM blundered into row after admitting he did not want a third term as PM.
But ITV News show showed them teasing him after he appeared to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday.
The pair had to be pulled apart during the traditional staredown.
VanZant has been hyped as the UFC's next big thing despite only having fought five times.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford, Michigan, heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am Tuesday.
Not long after, staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall.
Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby.
When officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 for Warriors.
Los Angeles Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken.
Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of Eastern Conference.
Aaron Tate, 29, is accused to leaving his daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald's and then driving away.
Police say Aaron Jaajaa, 22, refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby'
Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother.
She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
Ms English met another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since moved back to Vietnam to be with her family.
$40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
Special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps complexion hydrated all night.
Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt.
Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device.
Gray was not belted in, said attorney Michael Davey, who represents at least one of the officers under investigation.
It's not clear whether he was injured by officers in the street or while being carried alone in the
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up.
Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies.
The incident took place outside Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney.
Vision of the disturbing attack showed Mr Racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete.
Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was 'at war' with migrant traffickers.
Critics believe millions of impoverished Africans and Asians are happy to set off into the Mediterranean in leaky boats.
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
The fish ancestor roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 5-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Juan Mata says his side must take every game as a 'final'
United are currently top of the Premier League by one point.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Hibs are currently second bottom of the Championship.
Alan Stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle.
Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
The unnamed woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
Clearly feeling little remorse for his sins, the unnamed man Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2.
Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn, West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram.
The photo-sharing site removed the images 'within two minutes' of her posting them.
Moore suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls Lily and Grace in June last year.
She said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The South Africa Test captain will replace Martin Guptill.
Amla was called up by his country for the Test series against England.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Talib signed a six-year, $57 million contract with the Broncos last year.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body.
They asked him what his religion was and when he replied he was a Christian, they started beating him.
Nuaman tired to escape but as he fled the two other boys poured Kerosene on him and set him on fire.
Three weeks ago in Pakistan, a 17-year-old Christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack.
Post boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
They were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red to make them more visible.
Red has remained the standard colour for UK boxes with only a few exceptions, one being blue post boxes for overseas mail.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement.
'I think she's a tremendous public servant. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office,' he said.
De Blasio said that the income inequality in the U.S. is 'out of control' and that it has to be addressed by candidates.
He said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
The vessel was badly damaged and part of the deck had to be lifted.
It is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
Forecasters predict temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday.
Sir David Nicholson warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of NHS.
Claims politicians are talking about spending more money rather than addressing existing funding gaps.
Comes after he refused to resign over Mid-Staffordshire Hospital Trust scandal.
Maitland local Karen Newton performed an impromptu rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights.
As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton faced five stranded residents who had come out to see the sun rising on Anzac Day.
The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service.
Ms Newton said she thought of the soldiers who died in the floods.
More bad weather is expected later this week with up to 90mm of rain expected between Friday and Saturday.
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn't lived up to Princess Diana's reputation.
The 75-year-old said duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes.
But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences.
It would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Comes as Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in wardrobe rescued.
Survivor was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College.
Four attackers died at Garissa, but they have not been named.
It was hoped that crowds viewing the corpses might identify them.
Haley Mulholland discovered husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page.
The 45-year-old monitors his movements and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
She says she has banished Kevin to the sofa after learning that he cheated and has also imposed a sex ban.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61, say they are 'absolutely heartbroken'
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
He was charged with the murder of the Irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17.
Miss Buckley's remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire.
Princess Beatrice, 26, left Shoreditch House at 2am last night.
She was joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, in a leather dress.
The Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out.
Erica Kinsman has filed a lawsuit against top NFL prospect Jameis Winston, claiming he assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
The lawsuit was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid can win the competition for a second successive season.
The club legend believes the urge to be champions of Europe is in the club's DNA.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she stole £5,000.
She drained up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts.
Officers discovered Calder had stolen more than £5k from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities.
Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months today.
'Kate effect' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine.
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years.
Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 collarless coat.
Kate wore the coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently.
The loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60.
He is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing, police said.
Chris Brugger's treatment for Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Brentuximab Vedotin, has improved his condition dramatically.
The 35-year-old's 'My Name Is Chris' campaign was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December.
'It's important to remember cancer is a word, not a sentence,' Naomi told a Senate inquiry on Monday of the family's initial distress when trying to raise the sum for each dose of the new drug.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights at the Sakhir circuit.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their mother's home in Italy in late 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The girls were taken back to Italy in 2012 and are now living in Italy with their father.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the girls at their home near Florence.
They expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' Brown said.
Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since internet.
Comes after Professor David Spiegelhalter revealed in book how heterosexual couple now having sex three times a month.
This was compared to four times in 2000 and five times in 1990, according to research.
Barcelona defeated PSG 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar and Luis Suarez scored for the Catalan outfit.
Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg on Tuesday.
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta.
She whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.
Celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include January Jones and Alicia Silverstone.
The One Direction star was seen partying at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
He was seen sitting on the edge of a sofa and rolling a'suspicious cigarette' in the early hours of Thursday morning.
A series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous party have emerged, appearing to show the singer in his hotel room.
One of them jokes that they aren't sure which member of One Direction he is.
Guernsey's only five-star hotel would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere during the German occupation of the Channel Islands.
The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival (3 April–11 May) is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips.
He claims he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70.
Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae.
Finlay denies unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm.
Airports are offering ever more diverse activities, and can be the gate-way to some of the world's most incredible attractions.
While firearms are prohibited, hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
From Qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours which can take the edge of a long flight.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
Patrick spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3.
Barry's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack, with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis, on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
Nepal is under constant threat of earthquake of natural disaster.
But experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing.
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla.
The 16-year-old was signed in January for £2.3m from Stromsgodset.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
If Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
The 76sq ft log cabin is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
Its ideal location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished.
Jack Grealish impressed for Aston Villa against Liverpool on Sunday.
The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
Grealish is expected to choose between England and Ireland at the end of the season.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to WTHR.
Manchester University issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place.
Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals for the home side.
Karim Benzema scored twice for Granada.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, said at the sentencing.
The former Illinois governor has returned to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color.
Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune.
Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing.
This year, it began yesterday and the celebrations are expected to last three to seven days, with festivities sometimes being extended to a month long.
As waters around the UK get warmer, popular species of fish could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures.
This could see the prices of these fish soar, or see them being taken off the menu completely.
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average.
Nicola Adams is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
Adams insists she has no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
The 32-year-old is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord.
Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary.
Police say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her.
A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
Chilesaurus diegosuarezi is a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics.
These features include its small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus.
Smokey Da Lamb was adopted by restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, after he was abandoned by his mother.
City officials are now demanding that Smokey be sent back to live on the farm.
The young lamb has been living with Sandy in his Lower East Side apartment, and the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention.
Plan to orbit Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to landing in 2039.
Plan would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way.
Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon.
Current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth.
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, made the dish on Twitter.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream.
He said: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends'
The trifle-shepherds pie combination was immortalised on Friends 16 years ago.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife into believing he needed a'safe house'
In reality, he was living a double life, romancing Philippa Campbell, 30.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she saw a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge.
The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she then reported to police.
Photographer Martin Beck has created a series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints, and they're all available to purchase.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage told ITV's Julie Etchingham about his childhood.
He described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
The 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer.
Also discussed his plans to go on and on as Ukip leader until 2030.
Kate Winslet, 39, wears a roomy size-nine shoe.
Average shoe size in the UK has risen from 4½ in 1900 to 6ft 6in.
Stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have huge feet.
The Queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at Balmoral estate.
He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night.
Prince Edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick before being driven away.
Buckingham Palace said he had been'successfully' treated for a dislocated hip.
The dislocation comes just two years after the Duke suffered a'mild' stroke.
Czech immigrants lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs'
They were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter.
Workers kept under duress amid fears for safety of their families back home.
But made to give over all their wages, eat outside and do housework.
Petr Tancosova, brother Petr, Nela Dzurkova and Katerina Kurejova all deny charges.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Gary Neville said City have a'mentality problem'
The former Manchester United and England defender said City 'can't sustain success'
City are nine points behind Chelsea at the top of the Premier League.
Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping badgers in cages and then shooting them, says BVA.
Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the Tories win the election.
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to take 3,000 fans to Selhurst Park.
The move was made after TV scheduling made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress.
It was covered in bright blooms at LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala.
Lawyer, wife of Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys, is known for bold choices.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about Rogue One at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans'
Rogue One is set between the third and fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
England international has been abused by his own fans over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week.
Sterling is one of Europe's most sought after young players.
Kim Richards stormed out of an interview with Dr Phil McGraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
Her children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, were shell-shocked by their mom's outburst, struggling to control their emotions as she left
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, were caught on CCTV stamping 18 times on victim's head.
The pair were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault last April.
Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them.
Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening.
The tour guide for the retrospective, which highlights the 70-year-old American artist's 50 years of work, said the experience creates an 'educational state'
'It's all about education through experience. Witnessing everyone take their clothes off and leave them in a pile is really quite profound,' said Stuart Ringholt.
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season.
City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions.
Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference.
Crystal Palace host City on Monday night.
Alannah Hill broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way.
She went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot.
Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would have spread and become terminal but she now has a'very good' prognosis.
Tim Sherwood's side were set to drop into the bottom three.
Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to seal a point at Villa Park.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City this summer.
Sportsmail revealed the club will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge.
Men won for third time running in 161st race.
Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley.
A film crew were filming the documentary Lair of the Megashark.
They attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator.
The great white decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat.
Shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat.
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night.
They also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61.
Mr Arwani was found dead in his Volkswagen Passat on a street in Wembley.
He was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country.
Edinson Cavani is under contract at Paris Saint-Germain.
Manchester United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda has one year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University researchers asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
But, as the results show, this national number glosses over the geographic diversity.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final.
The fly-half has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with the injury.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
It was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain.
ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it'
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to take his tally to 36.
Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney was spotted driving his £100,000 Range Rover to training.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Rooney was disappointed with the result but thought his side deserved to get something from the game.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 in the German Cup semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic's effort.
Pep Guardiola's side are the far away leader in the Bundesliga.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic in Paradis, Louisiana, when he was ambushed and shot three times.
A male suspect, 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Hazeltine is in stable but guarded condition at Interim LSU Hospital.
Rodrigo Gularte was shot dead alongside Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in Indonesia on Wednesday.
The 42-year-old was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
He was sentenced to death by the Tangerang District Court in February 2005, and spent seven of his 11 years in prison on Nusakambangan.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
The boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Banda, who uses cannabis oil to treat Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final.
The Atletico boss has won the Europa League, Copa Del Rey and Copa del Rey.
Simeone's side face Real Madrid in the quarter-final on Wednesday.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix.
But she said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' but Siying said she did not think too much about it.
Stephanie Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
Firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
Study carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
The 23-year-old has picked up 24 separate injuries during his career.
Wilshere scored the Premier League Goal of the Season against Norwich last season.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head.
He had just asked his group of friends for directions and felled him from behind.
Mr Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground.
Major pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was ordered to be detained for three years.
Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
They plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
Floyd Mayweather invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, has been cooking for Mayweather.
The 38-year-old pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked.
Broner, a three-time world champion, took to Instagram to show off the food.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
It has been an enormous success.
Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation.
The $80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online.
The 27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
She decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
The senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott's stance on same-sex marriage.
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand.
Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday in the French Alps.
He was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn.
Family say he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff.
It is thought he may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester.
He hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
He now risks arrest if he enters the area, where each of his terrified victims lived, at any time in the next five years.
Hall, of Farnborough Road, Miles Platting, has 45 offences on record for dishonesty, violence and breaches.
Charmain Speirs was allegedly murdered by her pastor husband in Ghana.
Hotel staff found her face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days.
Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure.
One Direction star Niall Horan described Bloomfield as a'super great guy and great commentator'
Bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, is one of Britain's most successful models.
Has been modelling for a year but has built lucrative full-time career.
She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
If you film a commercial, you may even be paid a buyout fee.
Justin Welby will say in his Easter sermon that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were 'witnesses' to their faith.
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of the'senseless' killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot.
Three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack in the north-east of Kenya, bringing the total number of suspects being held to five.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
Fiorina's next book is due in stores on May 5, just 24 hours after her reported presdiential-launch date.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have carried across the Turkish border into Syria.
Would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq.
But the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed, with Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edger Evans and Henry Bowers.
The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition, which proved to be Scott's downfall as he got rid of the dogs on the final leg
Oscar has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
The Chelsea forward also scored in Brazil's 3-1 victory against France.
Oscar could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in Turin next season.
Daisy, 26, stars in new Rodial beauty shoot.
Wears leather jacket and skinny black jeans.
Was chosen by brand last year thanks to her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge'
Has been working as a model for years.
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem but Chris Smalling is a doubt.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after shaking off calf injury.
Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos could still miss out.
Aston Villa have won just one of last 38 Premier League games against United.
Hillary Clinton's most trusted – and most controversial – campaign aide turned up on Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa.
Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday.
Former PM made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as consultant to the cash-strapped government.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves.
It is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Washington couple's three-year-old son complained of someone talking to him at night.
Parents put it down to toddler's over-active imagination.
One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
After the first creepy message, the boy's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying, 'Look someone's coming' or 'Someone's coming into view'
The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the
Samsung has teased its next-generation wearable.
Simply referred to as 'the next Gear', images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
The Portugal international scored an eight-minute hat-trick.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewly started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since.
Giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with shoe designer Jimmy Choo.
The pair crossed paths at Nobu restaurant in Perth's Crown Casino.
Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces.
She is also a huge supporter of Christian Louboutin, Louis Vuitton and Isabel Aujoule.
Greece's government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA general secretary Gianni Infantino says they are not allowed to directly interfere with football.
The Greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
The aggressor, driving a Toyota, even refused to stop fighting as Tommy Solis and his friend tried to end the attack.
At one point, the man got in the face of Solis' friend, who clocked the man and left him passed out cold on the road.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
The 20-year-old was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Baby girl found face down in toilet bowl after'mother gave birth in lavatory'
It is believed the girl might have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade hours before she was discovered.
Merseyside Police released image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother.
Officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
A picture emerged of Sterling and Ibe with shisha pipes earlier this season.
Tomb dating to between 5th and 6th century seems to hold remains of two lovers.
One of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body.
In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past.
It could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs.
President Obama met Usain Bolt on Thursday during a town hall meeting in Kingston, Jamaica.
Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fujian province.
Mr Song climbed out of the passenger door and stood behind the car.
But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down and knocking him to the ground.
CCTV footage shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as passers-by rush over.
He later died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to the ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She was booked on suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication after a night of heavy drinking.
Surveillance footage shows her being grabbed by two officers and being taken to ground head first.
Police say she lost consciousness, suffered four broken cheek bones, a split molar and a cracked front tooth.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel.
Images show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
The savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft.
It typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis who pump the men full of drugs to numb the limb before severing it from the victim's body.
If the men were ISIS members, that could be one explanation for why they were given considerably harsher punishments than those usually received by ordinary citizens.
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that George had come back just in time.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained Mon Mome in 2009.
The ride on former Welsh National winner Monbeg Dude was available.
Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity ISIS wants the world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise.
PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night before facing the La Liga giants at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has promised Red Bull engine problems will be resolved.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One.
Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
The pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when Wylie came back with the bone, Brys asked him to take him to where he found it.
Now, scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
Scientists at Durham University studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
Dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than the force of gravity.
The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away.
Supermarket chain alerted to possible fault in packs of Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ Months.
Customer complained teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies.
Supermarket said no other Asda Little Angels dummies had been affected.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset.
Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger.
The video titled, What Children Can Teach Us About Anger, is described as showing that 'you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go'
Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Scotland's new drink-drive law was enacted on December 5.
The limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg.
Surge in interest in non-alcoholic drinks and smaller glass sizes.
Hospitality industry leaders claim law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work.
Ashley Mote, 79, accused of string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Jury at London's Southwark Crown Court hears he fraudulently claimed £500,000.
Mote denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Medley told NBC News 'From the moment [Byrd] announced her
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Next up for the sixth-placed Catalans is a trip to the Super League.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal will play Fabio Fognini or Andrey Rublev in Friday's quarter-finals.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on deserted footpath.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
She made the comments after being confronted by her local party.
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd has launched an investigation.
He has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son's situation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time on Saturday.
Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club.
Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old.
She was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
Sam Allardyce's side have won once in their last 10 league matches.
The Hammers face Manchester City on Sunday.
Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, reported missing on Saturday after boat hit rock.
She was travelling on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river.
The crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety.
But Ms Powell, from Cardiff, disappeared in the strong current.
Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her.
Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found but it has not yet been identified.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema's team-mate James Rodriguez has heaped praise on Carlo Ancelotti ahead of Real's Champions League showdown with Atletico.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour.
She cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
The High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries.
It is the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
Chris Ramsey hails Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
QPR are 19th in the Premier League table, four points adrift of Sunderland.
Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February.
Ryan Dearnley will no longer be a mascot for Reading in FA Cup semi-final.
The 10-year-old had said he hoped Arsenal beat Huddersfield.
Video of him backing the Gunners sparked outrage from Royals fans.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared in Dubrovnik, Croatia, in 2008.
Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay almost three weeks later.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
The coroner will prepare a summary of previously unreleased reports.
His findings will be released at a later date.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
For Albert to be 'certain' that Bernard doesn't know, Albert must have been given a month that does not contain one of these '
Developer has submitted fresh plans to demolish Park Crescent West.
It will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million.
Residents say years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Lord Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time.
He was made a life peer on retirement from the Commons in recognition of his achievements in public life.
But a shadow has hung over him in the same way it did Cyril Smith.
Detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth.
Hobart International Airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport,' police said.
Peter Weber Jr.'s feat was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence.
Weber has been married to his wife since 1943 and is a father to a 70-year-old son.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance.
The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop.
After 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker felt too ill to take part.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final at Ewood Park on Saturday.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals.
They were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
'I've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody,' said Baxter.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle.
The 31-year-old will start the remaining seven matches of the season.
Gutierrez was the only player to win applause from the club's fans.
It was Gutierrez’s first start for the Magpies in 20 months.
Camilla Parker-Bowles, 67, married Prince Charles in April 2011.
The Duchess of Cornwall has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family.
She is adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen.
Her success is due in no small part to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties.
A high heel can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inches)
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from chunky to stiletto.
Tanya has worn a style from the collection 'every day of my life'
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Defending his not guilty plea, Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday.
Four wickets would take him past Sir Ian Botham's 383 Test wickets.
Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Botham.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from the Britannia Stadium.
The 27-year-old Bosnia international is out of contract in 2016.
Potters boss Mark Hughes has played down reports of the goalkeeper leaving.
Hughes is hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
BOB WILLIS is one of the sharpest, bravest analysts they have.
Thomas Muller led the post-Porto celebrations at the Allianz Arena.
Josh Meekings handball controversy has taken our game to a place it shouldn't go.
James Corden posted a picture with David Beckham and Odell Beckham Jnr.
The pair were pictured in America with the 36-year-old.
Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on Corden's Late Late Show last month.
Brooklyn is aiming to follow in his father's footsteps by becoming a professional footballer.
The positions will be based at Microsoft's Redmond campus in Washington.
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit.
Last year Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella was forced to apologize for saying women don't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well.
Gao Yu, 71, was named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000.
She 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners', Beijing's No. 3 Intermediate People's Court said today.
Ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media and criticism of the party's historical record.
Austin West, 4, drowned in a pool April 6 while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard of his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying his name.
The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from GofundMe.com, but the West family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need of donations.
Dominique Granier suggested service for Roma passengers in Montpellier.
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Mr Granier said the smell which accompanied the Roma was a'sanitation risk'
Some have said problem is poverty of those living in camp.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear.
But it is thought that those on minimum wage would be exempt from income tax.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour, rising to £8.70 in October.
Labour’s Ed Miliband yesterday pledged to help low earners.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly stabbing her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
Doody is charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less.
And the moon is shown top left for scale.
Map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time, foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
The study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world.
Kim Rose, 57, accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls at party event.
He put on spread of sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees for event in Southampton.
But he was questioned by police over alleged criminal offence of 'treating'
Mr Rose, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, was never arrested or charged.
Now he has criticised the 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation and says it could help him win his seat.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are singing about platitudes.
The 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements.
Blur released their first album in years this month.
Teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, remanded in custody after appearing in court today.
He is charged with plotting to carry out terror attack during Anzac Day commemorations in Australia.
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Melbourne, was arrested by Australian police.
Besim is alleged to have incited an Australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre.
The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by Stuart Broad.
Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two.
LaKenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Louisiana, was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot.
Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' virginity.
She accompanied photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
The buxom blonde triumphed in Brazil's annual bottom beauty contest last year.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit.
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
There have been reports in recent weeks that Bobby and his desire to keep his daughter on life support is at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife Whitney Houston.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
She suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body.
Doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old's scorched skin over countless operations.
Lawyers for Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
They are appealing for her sentence to be reduced.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
The app allows users to stream live video to anyone on Earth who wants to watch, but allows viewers to chat to the broadcaster in real time by typing messages that pop up on screen.
Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him.
Air India insists altercation was limited to verbal argument and there was no physical violence.
Indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident.
Damian Lewis says redheads everywhere are doing well.
He says: 'This might be a unique moment in recent history'
Other gingers include Julianne Moore and Ed Sheeran.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of shooting dead his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, on Monday.
He was arrested more than 500 miles away on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach.
On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing.
Stancil told the judge he did not blame Lane for the decision, and he was assigned a public defender.
Lane had worked at Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina for 18 years.
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game.
Real Madrid want to find a striker who can offer a greater threat.
Manchester United have no shortage of interest in Hernandez.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview.
The Whole Pantry founder said she was not seeking forgiveness.
Her business empire was in tatters and her relationship with fans was broken.
Gibson's interview will be published in the Australian Women's Weekly.
Brett Robinson, 33, faces 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
Allegedly let inmate out of his cell and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Case follows that of colleague Lisa Curry, 39, who was sentenced to four years in prison for having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist.
The Queen, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
She rode her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
The Queen has never worn a riding helmet.
Affleck asked producers to leave out the name of his ancestor, James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton, New Jersey in the 1840s.
The Academy Award-winning actor and director took to Facebook to issue his apology.
'I didn't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves. I was embarrassed. The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth,' he wrote.
Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since January.
The Latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
Francis Pusok, 30, was seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon.
Two deputies caught up with him and stun him with a Taser.
He tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating.
The San Bernardino County sheriff has ordered an investigation into the incident.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared.
The new study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago.
The bear, nicknamed Mishutka, will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family.
Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother.
He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, according to Britain's Sunday Times.
He has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
London is due to elect a new mayor in 2016.
Boris Johnson, who was born in New York City, will hold the position for eight years.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that blocked her airways.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma.
It is a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Her parents Tanja and Steven were warned she may not survive.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said FBI destroyed vital files.
FBI disobeyed order not to do so from Congressional Committee.
Wexler says FBI's actions were 'disturbing' and could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI.
King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968.
Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
In a deal agreed with the British government, they will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay.
It was not clear last night how they will keep themselves occupied thousands of miles from their shipmates.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Dalton said: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t be the end of our love story'
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
The club sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
The decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara suffered multiple injuries in a fall at Wexford.
Jockey was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National.
McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin.
Despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed on Tuesday.
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic was a bloody hero and had to be bandaged up.
Peter, 8, wrote a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
The eatery is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant.
It features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.
The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, has had her dreams shattered.
Teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia.
The condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen.
Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school.
He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face and trauma to his left hand.
Experts believe there are three main reasons a phone may explode.
Boy's mother frantically tried to open car door when keys were locked inside.
She grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police for help.
Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London.
It was the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today's 23.6C.
Temperatures are predicted to return to average or just above average later this week.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury.
The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata.
Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder.
Former national team captain Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia.
If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past.
The 50-year-old actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Robert isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam has dominated the agenda for weeks.
The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday.
The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman has been spending time with his family in Lyon.
Gomis is expected to be out for between three and four weeks.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
Male pilot was killed, and three passengers severely injured, police said.
One man is in a'serious condition', according to emergency services.
Cause of crash is yet unclear, and police expected to launch investigation.
Nikko Jenkins tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
The 28-year-old may use the botched case of self-mutilation as evidence he is mentally unstable.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
Broad had complained about the state of the Warner Park crease after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day.
The groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground.
For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign, Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18, 2009, when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the University of York.
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden.
It found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes.
In only 2% of cases could familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors.
This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together.
On the other hand, their shared genetics were a factor in 40 per cent of cases.
But genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and environment.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his SUV.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest.
Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
She rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Mr Mayhew suffered six broken ribs but is expected to make a full recovery.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
The Thai finished 12 under par to claim his second European Tour title.
Overnight leader Li Hao-tong finished tied for fourth on 10 under.
Tommy Fleetwood finished a shot outside the play-off after missing from long range for birdie on the 18th.
Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide.
The man squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.
As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk.
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
She has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
But Frances and Jeremy, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
Gerard Pique says Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship.
The Barcelona centre back also took a swipe at Cristiano Ronaldo's relationship with Gareth Bale.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Kseniya Soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
One ship - HMS Ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Data comes nine months after commander Sarah West was flown back to the UK following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew.
Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in Fraser National Park, central Victoria.
He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30am on Good Friday.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even know he is lost.
Police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight, with warm temperatures through the day.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing.
But she doesn't believe he should be executed.
'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' she said.
Tsarnaev's lead defense attorney, Judy Clarke, specializes in death penalty cases and has spared notorious killers like Unabomber Ted Kaczynski from execution.
Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday.
Friends went to the house in Xalo, near Benidorm, for their Sunday dinner.
They found the couple covered in a green raincoat, each with a single bullet.
Police say they are not ruling any lines of inquiry out, but believe the couple were murdered.
Their sons Alexei and Sascha are 'absolutely devastated'
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the couple's wedding.
Murray has said he was involved in the cake tasting, but has left the majority to his fiancee.
Miss Sears is in charge of colours schemes and flowers as Murray admits 'he couldn't care less about that'
England football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Gary Cahill took part in the crossbar challenge at England Rugby's training centre in Pennyhill Park, Bagshot.
The Arsenal winger impressed the rugby stars by taking a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion.
Cahill seemed more concerned by wearing an oversized shirt.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are 17th in the Premier League table.
The Foxes have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive match for the first time since May 2000.
Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester’s player of the season.
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in 1942.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945.
Brent Council has refused to increase funding for a live-in carer.
Mr Clark could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home.
His son Mike, 58, said: 'How can they treat him like this? It's inhumane'
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury.
But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after wife Anne, 70, developed Alzheimer's.
He had been battling plans for a traveller camp near their home.
The retired company director was concerned the camp would knock thousands off the value of his home.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
The kit showed traces of semen, but the sheriff's deputies did not collect a blood sample from Morrison - as requested by the lab - and left him walking the streets.
He continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009 because of physical complications.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio apologized in December 2011 for the bungled cases, and his office has since taken steps to clear up the problem.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen at a Texas Rangers game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley on Tuesday night.
This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Now comes the real test, as he will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position.
Miniature Space is a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm.
It shows how to make miniature versions of classic foods.
Chef makes a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries.
The first 100 customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls.
The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva.
They are very popular in Switzerland, but have yet to catch on in the UK.
Kate is unlikely to be too concerned about their cost.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final on May 30.
Inverness defender was cleared to play after charge of handball was dismissed.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
The Belgium star has had a standout season for Chelsea.
Arsene Wenger insists he is not haunted by his decision to back out.
Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Terry, 36, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson uploaded a picture to Facebook yesterday in celebration of his birthday with this message: 'But really. I thank you Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday'
Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists'
'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she said.
Fiorina, a one-time California Senate candidate, was referring to the president's February 2014 visit to San Luis Obispo.
Obama pledged to give California's food banks $60 million in
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed.
The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged.
Wayne Rooney hails Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini has been instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
United travel to Chelsea this weekend in the Premier League.
Tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created.
He said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘on the screens of the traders in the City of London’
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010.
Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
A health department spokeswoman said its investigation is ongoing with the source of the hepatitis A virus still unconfirmed.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982.
Crowds across the country cheered for President Obama as he made multiple stops.
He also signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties.
Last night Secretary of State John Kerry met Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez in a Panama City hotel.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic.
It then smashed head-on into a car coming the other way.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a house fire on Monday morning in Youngstown, Ohio.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her.
She was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate.
Robert Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire but he was
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so.
In the short book, extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs, he writes: ‘The suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of Islam, because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population’
He also takes a pop at religion, and particularly at believers.
James Freedman, 49, has been teaching people how not to become victims of street crime.
He has advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the 'art' to actors.
Freedman, from London, describes himself as 'the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet'
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish police have released pictures and information in the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man.
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania.
He is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997.
In January last year he was admitted to Broadmoor on health grounds.
But by June his condition had improved and he was returned to Belmarsh Prison.
European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case.
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013.
It has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books.
Her second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of its release.
Some 226,000 copies were scooped up last month and publishers have now printed another 250,000.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild.
After the breeding program has been concluded, the reptiles will be released into the wild, where they could grow to be up to three metres long.
Harry Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1.
The 68-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused.
Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Jordan Spieth won the 79th Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Spieth also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods.
Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson finished second and third.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.
Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man.
This is all thanks to the work of Roland Gainer, a college student who started a campaign to help
The I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed Scary Lucy.
Now the sculptor of the statue has pledged to make a new one for free.
But the statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart.
A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra.
Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW
The nut that frequently appears in the Bible has been dubbed 'the Devil's nut'
California farmers now satisfy 84 per cent of the world’s almond demand.
The so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure.
Copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F)
It caused molten material to stream from the vent of the battery.
The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion battery due to overheating has been recorded.
Photographs taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through, no selfie sticks and no smog in sight.
Lawyers investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week.
The final decision will be made by senior officials.
A spokesman for TWC questioned the recent reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself on February 26, according to new police reports released Tuesday.
Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
Police in Clayton, Missouri, said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
The latest police information came as Governor Jay Nixon announced plans to appoint fellow Democrat and county treasurer Nicole Galloway as Schweich's replacement.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve his pickup truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back.
Glushko has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plans to rob a Tesco store on Facebook.
A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife.
Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested.
He was found in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash on his person.
Sentenced to four years in prison for armed robbery today.
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader.
Brandishing his sword, he said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
Mr Farage was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation.
Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment.
She allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure.
Witnesses say Schwab and her husband jumped into the pit to retrieve the boy.
He suffered minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition.
Schwab faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Nordic country has tightened up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Move leaves few countries in the world where bestiality is still legal.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
Evans was the first woman to be afforded the chance to qualify for men's events since 1994.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries.
He returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea City earlier this month.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
The baby boy was given the name Zhao Pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese.
He was adopted by his uncle Zhao Yanchao and his grandmother Xiao Kaixing.
On Saturday he celebrated his first birthday in his hometown Xiamen.
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
He said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's Lark Ascending topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame.
It was played as Hayley Cropper took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering.
The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in Alexander Litvinenko's death.
But he has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry into his death if he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police.
If Kovtun testifies, he will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to Britain.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio, on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.
Wilcox then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot him.
Officer had been warned by dispatchers that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'
Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched as backup arrived, allowing Kidder's partner to handcuff him.
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling about the dangers of leaving Liverpool.
Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield.
Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair at Manchester City.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Sterling is not for sale.
The Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912.
Dubbed 'one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable', the chair is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved.
It was sold yesterday at Henry Aldridge and Son auction house in Devizes, Wiltshire, to a UK buyer.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
They used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were.
It is more likely that they disappeared because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors, scientists believe.
The Block's up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes.
Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom.
Josh and Charlotte's apartment garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy.
Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and the British Amateur Championship last year.
The operation was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Shannon Carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attack.
She repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto heel.
The attack took place in a nightclub toilet during a night out in Bradford.
Ms Gledhill still has a scar above her right eye and is afraid to leave the house alone.
Carter pleaded guilty to wounding with intent at Bradford Crown Court.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history last year at Augusta.
Spieth finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt.
He comes into this year's event having won his second PGA Tour title.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun.
In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Poundland has posted annual sales exceeding the £1billion mark for the first time.
Company began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
Number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million in two decades.
Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
But Mr Balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering the threshold.
He said: 'I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful, and staged and balanced way'
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition.
It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
They included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull.
Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
But Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Celtic wrote to the SFA crying about a penalty they weren't awarded.
Scotland's top club, Celtic, are embarrassed by the decision.
Lib Dem leader says idea of two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
But he sought to make case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or Tories.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app called Visualize You.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27kg)
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his niece or nephew.
Duchess of Cambridge is now overdue for the birth of her second child.
Harry will be bumped down to fifth in line of succession by the new arrival.
He had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon.
But with Duchess now several days overdue, Harry is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army.
Margaret Bates said she is unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith.
Smith, who was then 49, got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes.
Mrs Bates said: 'I wish I’d killed him the first time I saw him'
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited.
But at the same time he claimed overall caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous'
Ukip's manifesto chief said the 50,000 limit'might change every year'
Tories accused Mr Farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall is being knocked down to make way for a 'Butlins-style' gipsy camp costing £3.2million.
Villagers in the village have vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners.
But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
The mansion's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden will also be provided at the expense of taxpayers.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population.
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season.
The former Manchester United, Manchester City and West Ham striker has always said he wants to finish his career at Boca Juniors.
Tevez's international manager Tata Martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player's Argentina future.
UEFA have charged Pep Guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez who died in a car crash at the World Cup.
Guardiola wore the top during his pre-match press conference.
The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopez’s death.
Lopez was killed when a taxi he was traveling back to his hotel was hit by a stolen car being chased by police.
A white powdery substance was sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down.
A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police.
The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be executed just after midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
'Where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore and this is why we're all here this evening,' said crisis campaigner Diana Sayed.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo.
But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end.
A video of the performance has since gone viral online.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury.
United will have to pay £46million to make Falcada's transfer permanent.
Paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ‘true integration with the human body’
The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable.
Fiorentina's fading hopes of qualifying for the Champions League all but disappeared on Monday as they lost 1-0 at home Verona.
Mounir Obbadi scored the winning goal after Alessandro Diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side.
The defeat leaves Fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years.
She says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process'
The 36-year-old says there are no current plans to have babies due to busy career schedules and a possible move to New York.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs'
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre, who was fired on Sunday.
McIntyre called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of war crimes.
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and labelling Mr Ebe
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
Scientists believe these fragments used their innate self-evolving abilities to grow into repeated chemical chains long enough to evolve into primitive life.
The study, by the University of Milan and University of Colorado Boulder, is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League.
Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the top four.
The Reds' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Manchester United.
Nico Rosberg will start Sunday's race behind Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in Shanghai.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Aberdeen are eight points behind Celtic in the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila's side face their nearest challengers on May 11.
Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers flock to the town hoping to catch a sighting.
The bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from the roof of a house.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-3 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season.
Thiago Alcantara, Thomas Muller and Jerome Boateng all scored for the Bavarians.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick of headers for the German giants.
New master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019.
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre.
There will be three different routes through the site.
A staff of certified guides and guards will be employed.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after his team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
He stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high-five.
As Gasol walked away the delighted boy clutched his Grizzlies jacket to his chest as the biggest smile spread across his face.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
'Too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote of the event.
The Army Times also uncovered attempts by the Special Forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from Hot Shot material.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year.
Vian told shareholders that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation'
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row.
The boy, who cannot be named, is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang.
He pleaded guilty to stabbing Mr Barry twice in the chest outside his home in London.
Mr Barry and his girlfriend, Sabrina Finn, arrived home to find the group of boys trying to get into the black of flats when they lived.
One of the boys with the killer told police he had seen his friend 'become angry and take a kitchen knife out of his rucksack'
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, jailed for 44 years today.
They took part in gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home.
Attack led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, known as 'Freddy'
Marsh-Smith executed gang boss Zafer Eren and attempted to kill his own getaway driver Samuel Zerei.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.
Abu Basir al-Shami and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi both blew themselves up in Iraq.
The trio of teenage suicide bombers come after another teenager was shown in a video, criticising the West before he carried out a suicide bomb attack.
A final image shows a huge explosion after the detonation of the lorry, killing him and a number of Iraqi security forces.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, have adopted 40 children.
They found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989.
The couple gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse.
Nearly £14,000 was raised to buy the family a new 500 square metre home.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
The older brother of comedienne Mindy Kaling claims that he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
He doesn't mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League.
The Dutchman says Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable.
United currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on their run-in form.
Van Gaal confirmed that Robin van Persie is still injured.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.
Survey finds that men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs.
They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units.
The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation.
The supervoid can only account for about half of the entire Cold Spot.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Previous attempts to find a void at the distance of the Cold Spot were unsuccessful, but this latest study suggests it is actually a foreground object, three billion light-years
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
The 25-year-old was dropped by England for striking the wrong note.
May was told to go away and learn his lessons back at Gloucester.
David Humphreys' men take on Edinburgh in the final of the European Challenge Cup.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick.
The 22-year-old winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford last month.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California.
But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32.
The listing describes the property as'meticulously maintained', 'grand', 'gracious', and 'elegant'
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time.
Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction.
Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
The Festival of the Steel Phallus is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life.
They ruled that the Waldens should get $30 million for Remi's pain and suffering and $120 million for the full value of his life.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898.
The department's first chief of police, William Devery, was known as the king of kickbacks while Theodore Bingham was 'pathologically blunt'
Devery was recorded as saying that there was a great deal of 'grafting' going on among his subordinates and that he would put a stop to it so he could line his own pockets.
Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching spectator’s barriers at London Marathon.
The 23-year-old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist.
His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris, appears speechless by the gesture.
Jordan then presents her with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's eccentricity.
EU regulations on organic aquaculture are set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway.
Vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
They say that the use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, wore a backless sequinned dress to the Woman Awards.
She also sported a sharp new bob haircut at the event in Madrid.
Letizia also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award.
Vaccine designed to teach immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system.
If successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to his £10million Jacobean manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs.
The businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict.
Broughton Hall in Staffordshire was the scene of a Civil War tragedy.
Tonya Stack reportedly dumped cola on state representative Kevin Boyle.
Boyle claims Stack 'flipped me the bird' as soon as she spotted him.
He claims she retaliated by hurling the dark, sticky liquid at him.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were killed in the mudslide.
Tim broke his pelvis but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.
A week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance'
He has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage, which a donor has paid.
Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
It has already been pushed back until after the election.
But sources close to the investigation have now said ‘nobody thinks it will come out this year’
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
England have won four competitive games in which he has started.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings, East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Mark Hughes believes Bale should stay at the Bernabeu.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds.
They are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes.
Vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles and lessen the appearance of wrinkles.
Some say it's the non-jab equivalent of Botox.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Ware will be back in court within a month for the juvenile equivalent of sentencing and there are some who feel she should be treated as an adult.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform.
It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Aden Gould, 21, opened two speakers in Sainsbury's branch in Stoke-on-Trent.
He put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security.
Staff took him into manager's office and forced him to empty his bag.
But he was cleared of shoplifting and banned from all 1,200 stores across the country.
The giant firm has now revoked the ban and agreed to waive £150 fine.
Isa Richardson, 46, made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p of pocket money.
The frightened youngster was confronted by Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down.
Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season.
The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge.
Rangers are currently in the play-off positions in the Scottish Championship.
Vegetarian meatballs will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning.
Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
UK customers spend days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease,' he said.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two from Dudley, West Midlands.
He joined ISIS in Syria last year as an explosives expert and sniper.
Has shared four images of a room where he claims to make IEDs.
Parts are seen organised on shelves and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out.
Tariq hopes to emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state'
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They note that despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem.
Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the operating theatre.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (5.30pm)
The Potters have won their last visit to the Londoners' ground in 1995.
Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea.
The Blues have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games.
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry.
The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month.
Labadie pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
Of 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three investigated.
Only three investigated for roles as accomplices to mass murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was an SS guard in Ravensbrück and Auschwitz.
Gisela S, a 'hard-faced' woman who beat prisoners as punishment.
Now 94, she still lives in Saxony-Anhalt and refuses to speak about her past.
Prime Minister says seven key Tory policies will help get people on to property ladder.
Tories promise voters'security at every stage of your life' including helping more people.
He also promises voters 'greatest sunshine that there can possibly be'
Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend.
Bath, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded, with strong squads.
Northampton face an arduous task in trying to storm the Stade Marcel Michelin fortress where Clermont are on a 22-match unbeaten run in Europe.
English sides have lost the eight other quarter-finals they have played across the Channel.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball fired from wooden trebuchet.
But sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby boathouse.
The thatched building, which overlooks the River Avon, was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
Warwick Castle confirmed the incident and said the attraction remains open today.
Ted Koran, 59, says he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time by the VA on Saturday night.
The only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife Karen had looked after together.
His experience highlights the increasing problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
Monopoly-makers planning a special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill more expensive slots.
But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
High-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city's Gothic cathedral, Exeter castle, Guildhall and modern shopping centre.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight will be streamed live across the world.
Click here for all the latest boxing news.
A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Mr Abbott said the troops who fought in the First World War became more than just soldiers as they were the 'founding heroes of modern Australia'
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series.
West Indies batsman Devon Smith says he was inspired by Colin Graves' comments.
England face Grenada in the second Test on Tuesday.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's games this season.
The Welshman has been sidelined with injury and omission.
Bale has scored 25 goals and conceded just one goal in 50 games.
Real have won all eight of their games without Bale.
The Bell 525 Relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million.
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
The craft is aimed to be a limo in the
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch.
Aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity.
Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the campaign trail.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed'
Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist'
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano.
Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto are ready to poach him.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother.
She was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was soon pronounced dead.
Her husband, Benji, is the most shocked of all.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
This development comes one week after officials scheduled a July hearing for the Army sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's post-match comments.
Houston's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve.
Stubbs will take his team to Livingston for yet another crucial Championship game tomorrow night.
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out so he can have the 'one big payday' which has eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career.
Brook challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30.
Khan has reiterated his intention to take on Brook within the next 12 months, although he insists that the undefeated 28-year-old only wants the fight because of the money it will earn him.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes.
The University College London chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the first half.
Philippe Coutinho equalised for Newcastle in the 71st minute.
Sterling was in total control of events from the moment Henderson’s pass arrived.
Cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man's heart.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances.
'Floral perfumes can take years off a woman'
Aston Villa host QPR at White Hart Lane on Tuesday night.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone.
But they will return to the bottom three if QPR win.
Tim Sherwood says this is the biggest game of his managerial career.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby.
Franco Di Santo scored the winner from the spot to keep their Europa League hopes alive.
Hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Last week, a flurry of bets placed on Perkins propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position, according to bookmakers Coral.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Clarkson's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months.
Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital.
The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding.
It has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of raw meat.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans, from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog'
They believe his weight problems stem from rewards during training.
Baylie lost eight kilos, going from 55kg to 47kg in eight weeks.
Aryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a Ybor City bar alone on February 12.
She was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone.
Autopsy shows Foster's blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Her family believe she drove into the wrong Brandon subdivision, then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
Baltimore Police Department's internal investigation into Gray's death has revealed that there is 'no evidence' that Gray sustained a fatal spine injury.
Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', according to ABC News.
A Chevrolet spokesman confirmed to Daily Mail Online that their vans don't include protruding bolts - but left open the possibility that Baltimore Police modified their vehicle.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season assessment.
The 19-year-old defender will be missing for the first Champions League qualifier on July 16.
Denayer made his international debut for Belgium last month.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts.
Trend comes as older users turn to social network to stay in touch.
Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a WWE wrestling figure.
Tim Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster.
The 24-year-old will move to the province later this year.
Saili was part of the New Zealand Under 20 side that won the Junior World Championship in Italy in 2011.
Lauren Bacall's personal mementos fetched $3.64 million on the auction block at Bonhams New York earlier this week.
There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, including housewares, furniture, fine art, jewelry and clothing.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park.
Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982.
He would meet and photograph prostitutes as they came in at eight in the morning for shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets.
His amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see from the bar.
The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics.
Nadelman now lives in southern New Jersey, and visitors to Times Square are more likely to be asked if they want
Council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
The 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett’s Wanderers.
Wolves are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
His charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
Whittington posted bail on Saturday and will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces.
Jess says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand.
Topshop and Topman set to open second store in Sydney's Shire.
Launching in Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April.
Celebrities including Cara Delevingne, Beyonce and Kate Moss will attend.
Launch party reportedly cost over $250,000.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus'
He will preach and attend a vigil on Sunday, the day after the funeral.
Allegations that Scott's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published.
Comes after police officer Michael Slager was charged with murder.
Hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in Pyongyang marathon.
Around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's event under constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
Labor senator Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to their second child on Good Friday in Adelaide.
The couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alexandra.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club.
Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Aljaz Bedene can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the AEGON Manchester Trophy.
Millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay heard mocking migrant boat disasters.
He is thought to have made £72m with accomplice Mered Medhanie from smuggling.
Ghermay is already wanted on an arrest warrant in connection with an October 2013 capsizing off Lampedusa that left 366 dead.
Reports of conversations come just days after at least 900 people were feared to have drowned in one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of World War Two.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested after police found white residue on her teeth and a three-inch scratch mark in the paint of the trunk.
She was charged with violating her bail conditions and criminal mischief for causing $500 in damage to the cruiser.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
He was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet.
At his heaviest he ate six bags of crisps and two bottles of Coca-Cola a day.
Mr Rush now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs - down from 34st.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The men are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Authorities said earlier that a handful of Minnesota residents have traveled to Syria in the past year, and at least one has died.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored for Hibernian.
The result means Hibs collect a valuable three points in the Championship.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
Pro-life group put his photo in an ad in an effort to promote his story.
Facebook has since reversed its decision after public protest.
A nationwide account has been created at Wells Fargo for the baby boy.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2.
Any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive watch.
The watch will then go on general sale online and exclusively from 23 April.
Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more.
It is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
Sydney-based singleton Candice Ingram, 39, hates the sympathy she gets from coupled friends.
33 per cent of men say having too much alone time is the hardest part of being single.
While women want love, they spend almost half the time that men do seeking it.
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent.
The 19-year-old Barcelona B winger is keen to seek first-team action.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel.
The Grade II listed building was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes.
It is now undergoing a dramatic facelift and will offer a night's stay for guests looking for a room steeped in history.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich.
The former Barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016.
Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed talks will take place this summer.
Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois at about 3 a.m. Wednesday.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
During his trial in February, Taylor tried to escape from the courthouse minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow.
The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler’s Cabin.
McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with Islamic State.
The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio.
His cousins have taken to Facebook to pay tribute to their much-loved cousin.
Islamic State has been heavily recruiting young Australians to come to the Middle East via online videos.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs (388lbs)
She was bullied at school and called 'Fatty Bum Bum' by bullies.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months.
Now weighs 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and is very slim for her 5tf 7in height.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star's birthday was in March.
Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars.
Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' after son's death.
Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at gun range in 2013.
Eddie Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison.
Mr Kyle said it was difficult to be in the same room as his son's killer.
He also spoke about a Texas legislator's push to award Kyle with the medal of honor posthumously.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
This can range from making small hand movements to thrashing around, punching, kicking and jumping out of bed.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad.
The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa.
Young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
The former player-manager of Salford City was banned from driving for six months.
Giggs said the offence on October 14 last year 'wasn't intentional'
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle.
The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach, according to Max.
'It absolutely blew everything I've ever caught out of the water so it was once in a lifetime catch,' he said.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
The kick-off time for the clash has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on Saturday May 30, with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Mervyn was 42.
They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving photographs and are on display at the National Media Museum, Bradford.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon.
It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday.
Nasa astronaut Terry Virts captured the eye of the storm early in the morning with the shadow being cast deep into the vortex.
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday.
Forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio, New York, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff in the FA Cup semi-final.
Pavel Pogrebnyak opened the scoring for the home side.
Conor McAleny equalised for Cardiff with a late equaliser.
Reading face Arsenal in their last-four clash at Wembley on April 18.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Ander Herrera was penalised for diving during stoppage time.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
The Chelsea boss said the incident will be forgotten because it is a Manchester United player.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Poll put Ukip on 17%, Lib Dems on 7% and Greens on 3%.
Jermain Defoe was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby.
Danny Wilson has activated a clause in his contract at Hearts.
The defender has a further year left on his current deal at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders have voiced their fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign'
They say it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering'
Comes just weeks after more than 100 of Britain's top business leaders backed the Conservatives' economic plan.
Some argue the campaign's focus on the idea of the SNP in a coalition with Labour is doing well on the doorstep.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when demonstrator threw confetti.
She yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off.
Two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi.
Police said the woman was 21 and from Hamburg.
Feminist activist group Femen claimed responsibility for the stunt.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months.
She was last seen wearing a Poison Ivy costume at a Halloween party.
The costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig.
Miss Bruck has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The defender was charged with deliberate handball during Sunday's semi-final.
Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
A three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport.
The 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East.
In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants.
He is also head of the NT Labor Party, though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance.
The dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap.
Scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi Qi, may have glided or even flown through the air.
Dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period, around 145 million years ago, is named after the country where it was discovered.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
She was chosen to play to Julie, who died from putrid throat.
Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut.
Her mother said watching the scene brought tears to her eyes.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 in the Miami Open final.
Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami.
He will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
The 42-year-old mother-of-three from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
Thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend.
In the five-minute video he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head.
SeaWorld spokesman Fred Jacobs said the company was given the video by an 'internal whistle-blower' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated 'immediately' if they had known 'he engaged in this kind of behavior'
H
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday.
Her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region.
She was a beloved mother of three; Trevor, Robert and Jennifer and treasured grandmother and great-grandmother to many.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Couple were seen visiting the cinema twice during their first holiday as a married couple, last May.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
Couple'started arguing over his 'infidelity' in bedroom of St Paul apartment'
He then shot Miss White in face at close range, according to police.
Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder, police say.
Suspect, who has 'trust issues' with Miss White, remains in custody.
If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison, if convicted.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was arrested in January on charges he took $4million in brides and kickbacks since at least 2000.
Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle, a certified public accountant who 'kept the books'
Rafa Benitez has yet to agree a contract extension with Napoli.
The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season.
It has been rumoured he could replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Benitez says he has not had any contacts with City.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to sit on the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch.
Teachers have banned pre-packed lunches and erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling.
Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge.
Audrey Hepburn's Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, while Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel comes second.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored a brace as United moved up to third in the table.
Juan Mata completed his brace against Liverpool with a stunning volley.
Princess Leonore, 32, was seen playing with her mother's pearl necklace.
She is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child.
The baby will be born in Stockholm this summer.
Nathaly Hernandez was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
The smiley toddler was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement.
Staff at the Home of the Innocents in Kentucky made a video of her in action last Friday and posted it online.
To date Nathaly is bilingual and able to understand Spanish and English.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight.
Pacquiao says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to come out on top.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi.
The 2002 World Cup winner is also a target for Lionel Messi's team.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother of two says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
She says she doesn't want anyone else to touch Alex or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
Ms Cox says she is a good mother who gives her older son William just as many hugs as she does Alex.
SBS Insight programme explores how sibling rivalry plays out in families from a culture
Mark Jones is accused of killing his 41-day-old granddaughter Amelia Rose Jones.
The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital.
Jones, 45, denies murder at Newport Crown Court.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott.
He had a vasectomy after he had a longed- for child.
Rinaldi has now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year.
Jermain Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge.
Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Katy, Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, Tuesday night.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the master bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
The 39-year old suspect allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back.
At one point, he cried out, 'My baby,' presumably referring to his dead son.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Rugby World Cup final.
Mark McCall's side contained five English-qualified forwards.
The Saracens director of rugby said he has no intention of overspending.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how Jordan appeared in such good shape.
They say he appeared well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin after gruelling ordeal.
Joshua Smith, 16, was plucked from the water by RAF rescue helicopter.
He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Police are not treating the teen's death as suspicious.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The 22-year-old was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013.
But the terms of the transfer saw him loaned straight back to the Eagles.
He did not arrive at Old Trafford until the summer, by which time Ferguson had retired and been replaced by David Moyes.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Ali spent much of his time against the ropes, inviting Foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University.
The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England.
Pietersen has thrown his support behind Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' in England.
Ronny Deila will take his Celtic side to Hampden Park for Sunday's semi-final.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions.
Claims that HSBC’s Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year.
It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post.
The firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners reached the final with a 2-1 win over Liverpool.
Reading's Adam Federici scored the only goal of the game.
READ: Liverpool beat Arsenal 2-0 to reach the final.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from saying 'everyone's upset'
But he today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if invited back.
She said: 'It would be great if they said "let's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us"
BBC bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto James May and Richard Hammond.
The woman in her mid- to late 30s was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt.
She was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
The aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation.
More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 in the Miami Open quarter final.
The world No 4 is into the semi-finals of the tournament.
Murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between Tomas Berdych and Juan Monaco.
Thiem lost in the second round of a Challenger event to soon-to-be new Brit Aljaz Bedene.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013.
BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms.
Spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during last financial year.
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on.
According to forecasters we will begin to see the Arctic airmass on Saturday after it has blasted over from Iceland.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steve Clarke's side were unable to match their illustrious opponents.
The Reading boss won the cup with Chelsea in 1994.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945.
He struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen, his family has said.
The late solicitor, who died in 2001, was a former Mayor of Glastonbury.
Bergen-Belsen was a Nazi concentration camp in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to hitting her husband Daniel with their SUV in Mesa, Arizona, after learning that he didn't vote in the 2012 presidential election.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct.
But now she will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible'
Police say she left him there on Monday to visit her boyfriend John Ferguson in Montgomery County, Maryland.
On Sunday police said that Parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself.
Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault.
Woman who escaped from Raqqa in Syria said women are forced to cover up.
She said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking IS rules.
Women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home.
They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them - and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police.
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak.
She was appearing at a National Grid training centre in Newark, Nottinghamshire.
Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years if the Tories win the election.
Hillary Clinton was born in Ystradyfodwg, near Neath and Merthyr Tydfil.
Her great-grandmother Mary Griffiths married William Jones in 1871.
Hannah Jones and Hugh Rodham eloped to wed in Binghampton, New York.
Mrs Clinton's family were from a poor mining district which is now part of Rhondda.
If she is successful she could make history as the first female president.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand Zoo in southern Norway.
Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the zoo, around 200 miles south of Oslo.
Vets rushed to the scene, but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe, who died in front of shocked families.
Portugal beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot.
'Boogie boarding with my baby,' she captioned the image.
Maggie only gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self.
Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
A blue tit will normally collect moss, grass and straw to make her nest.
The female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help, or no help at all, from the male.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while making final preparations for the wedding.
Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Her loved ones now face the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements.
Bhutan's Gross National Happiness is considered far more important than Gross Domestic Product and economic success.
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country and was built in the 8th century.
A 12-day tailor-made Gentle Walking Bhutan holiday costs from £2,475 including return flights from Kathmandu to Paro, domestic flight, all travel and full-board accommodation.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Gareth Bale failed to have the desired impact as Atletico kept him quiet.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
Christy, 46, had just given birth to daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003.
She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo painful procedure.
Her experience inspired her to launch Every Mother Counts in 2010.
The organisation is dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers.
Christy is currently training for the London Marathon on 26 April.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
A jury took just two hours and ten minutes to unanimously find him guilty of trying to kill his wife.
A 49-year-old cancer patient showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses'
They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab, and hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
The QPR boss has been overlooked for countless jobs.
Ramsey took the job after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall.
Luke Shaw has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United.
The 19-year-old has made only 17 appearances in all competitions.
Shaw admits he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against Chelsea.
Louis van Gaal's side travel to boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
John Carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club.
He was assistant to Ruud Gullit who managed Newcastle between 1998 and 1999.
Gullit controversially decided not to start star players Duncan Ferguson and Alan Shearer in 1999.
The 30-year-old singer first shared the news with People Magazine in early April that she had been out of the public eye - and was bedridden for five months -  because she was trying to recover from the disease.
Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
The Canadian said she feels she will be OK in the long run.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Michaels is a legend at NBC for SNL - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing.
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering.
It follows closely on Madonna's other opinion-splitting move - kissing Drake live on stage.
Rihanna and Madonna are mere amateurs compared with artist Grayson Perry.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
For nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her friend's finances.
She later became a carer for her 87-year-old victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But Bailey helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips.
The grandmother was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence at Bolton Crown Court.
IFS said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
The think-tank warned Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events'
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club.
But a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
In his autobiography, Negri reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs Aberdeen in 2000.
Investigators have rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island.
They returned to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK.
They are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain.
Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
Former jockey Luke Harvey, now a TV presenter for At The Races, agrees McCoy has never been the big 'I am'
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
Most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features, but one distinctive trait was that Apatosaurus has a wider neck than Brontosaurus.
Researchers used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of 'diplodocid' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the Earth.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time.
The bridge also connects a system to the wider world.
With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes added a second in injury time to make it 2-0.
Neil Harris' side are four points adrift of fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
The Brazil forward looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo.
Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent drought.
Barcelona face Almeria in La Liga on Wednesday.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it.
However, bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise.
Ricci is the first French national to face trial over tax evasion in what has been dubbed a test case.
Gabrielle Giffords, 44, walked with the help of a cane through LA airport.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly.
The former U.S. representative was shot in the head by a gunman in 2011.
Giffords is now a passionate advocate for gun control.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages.
The majority were kept in a squalid garden shed, court heard.
Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands coast.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
Comes after Britain struck oil in remote field of the islands this week.
Find could increase fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
That’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the WHO recommends per day.
A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’
He argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence.
Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four.
Apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted with a feeding tube at a young age.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric.
The series was created by Diane English, who was behind Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
English will serve as an executive producer and help 'ensure the series strikes realistic notes'
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport.
One of the suspects is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case.
Her father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography.
Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published on May 7.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement.
Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely, and firefighters still do not know the cause.
More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials.
Parasitic insects from the preserve were found to carry the illness.
Plague is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents.
Human cases have developed from close contact with cats.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage.
The cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in Tuscany.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
But the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage.
TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Marie Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at NMC.
The former midwife worked at Furness General Hospital in Cumbria.
In March, an independent investigation found failures at the hospital.
It found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother.
Ms Ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care.
Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
Zoo executive director Dr Christopher Kuhar said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
Apple will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow.
Customers will be able to pre-order their watch online.
The watch, when paired with an iPhone, allows users to check email, listen to music and make phone calls.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed with a one-in-a-million genetic condition.
Doctors say the condition will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
This is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game.
The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches.
Steven Gerrard was suspended for three matches for his sending off against Manchester United.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
Martin Skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in Liverpool's 2-2 draw with Arsenal at Anfield in December.
Robbie Fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in Premier League history in 1994.
Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool in 2004.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress, which is exclusively available on Tesco’s website, is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
The man in his twenties stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him.
She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete.
Her colleagues turned up to bring the man under control.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Greece is the biggest improver with its 5.6m incoming passengers from Britain a 13.2% increase.
Domestic flights rose for the second consecutive year to 21m, a 2.4% increase on 2013, but this is still well below 2005's 25m.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's clash with Newcastle United.
Defender came off injured in Wednesday's FA Cup replay.
Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness.
Daryl Janmaat could be fit to take his place in the team.
Fabricio Coloccini will complete his three-match ban at Anfield.
Rolando Aarons and Siem de Jong have returned to training.
Ian Poulter forgot his golf clubs as he drove down Magnolia Lane.
Henrik Stenson looked less than impressed after coming down with flu.
Rory McIlroy will play in the traditional par-three tournament for the first time in over a decade.
Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Karim Benzema missed Real's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League second leg on Tuesday.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
The local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes.
Mr Gee made the five-hour journey to the site every year to remember his father.
He paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live TV.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers' play-off push towards the Premiership.
Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career on The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports.
Song has picked a mixture of talent in his squad.
Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying.
The Curacao team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Sebastian Larsson suspended for Crystal Palace's trip to Stadium of Light.
Sunderland midfielder will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’
Documents show Saracens’ wage bill soared by another £1million last season.
The north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches.
Craig Dawson set to return for West Brom after one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts three-game ban against Leicester.
Matt Upson and Dean Hammond available for Leicester.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Mrs Costello had been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of her adult children from previous marriages.
Her adult children have argued that the will granting
Nigel Farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ for censoring poll.
Poll shows he has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat he is contesting.
If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career.
He has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Mr Whitesides said the team is doing great and has turned a corner.
The starting price for flights is £150,000 ($250,000)
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago.
She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa.
Her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are currently living in fear.
Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country.
But Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired and UK authorities are closed.
They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners.
He will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
Bus ploughed into the engine of a Boeing 777 at Tashkent airport.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided.
Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Frenchman came off in the early stages of Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Lawrence Tynes is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season.
The former New York Giants postseason hero had a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) line hooked directly to his veins to more efficiently get antibiotics into
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly shot the cat with a bow.
But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
Glenn Murray gave Manchester City the lead in the first half.
Jason Puncheon equalised for Palace with a superb free-kick.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was seen jogging in London today, for the second time this week.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity.
She teamed her coral vest with coordinating Adidas shorts.
We've highlighted a host of other pairs of blue shorts below to help you nail Pippa's sporting style.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick for Wasps.
Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua scored tries.
A. Alfred Taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died Friday night at his home of a heart attack.
His business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain.
He also became a major backer of stem-cell research.
But it was his rearrangement of how people shop — parking lot in front, several stores in one stop close to home — that left a mark on American culture.
Five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month.
They face charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble'
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
The women have been linked to several stunts aimed at highlighting issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women's toilets in China.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
The Ligue 1 champions have lost the first leg 3-1 at home to Barcelona.
Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three goals.
PSG welcome back Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti from suspension.
Didier Drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in London on Tuesday.
The Chelsea striker looked cool in a pair of dark shades, black baseball cap and Nike trainers.
Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box.
The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage, according to McKamey Animal Center where the dogs are being treated.
A good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs.
She then took the puppies to the animal center for treatment and they will be put up for adoption
Charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments.
Clinton Foundation and Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years.
Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton vulnerable to undue influence.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday.
Man could be seen leaning out the sliding door of van as it hurtled down M40.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with colleagues inside van.
Boss has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing tomorrow.
KJ Rail, which owns the van, said it was investigating and that the man was likely to be punished.
The 34-year-old reality star revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags.
She is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older.
Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, went on sale for £270,000 in July 2014.
It has a kitchen, living area, mezzanine sleeping area and sun terrace.
Owners can only sleep at the huts between March and October, although they can visit any time of year.
Huts have no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or Noddy train.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns.
But she was secretly'repulsed' by her body and checked into fitness camp.
Lost two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to 12 stone.
Rebecca lost further stone herself after she left No 1 Boot Camp in Norfolk.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
Today, it was the turn of Dordrecht, a city in the south-west of the country, which was once a major trading port.
The Dutch royals were joined by Prince Constantijn and his wife Laurentien who wore bright orange.
16-year-old filmed throwing kitten against door and flushing it in toilet.
Tilly was dangled in bathwater and had to be put to sleep.
Owner Sarah Reeves, 19, also banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
He was only handed a two-month suspended sentence.
The Northern Territory man returned home to find his wife had left him.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The $300million mega-fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Mayweather is expected to earn an estimated $180million from the fight.
Coca Cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red.
Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke.
Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes.
Coca-Cola says the new bottles 'feature a larger label'
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
The 73-year-old made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund.
Fergie was born in Govan, Scotland, and has been associated with a good dozen charities or foundations.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since.
Local media have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as 'trotters'
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
The 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among the schools where Dennis has taught is Cadland Primary School.
Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
Barcelona travel to Valencia in La Liga on Saturday.
Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the table.
Real Madrid host Malaga in the quarter-final on Saturday evening.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of the clash.
SNP leader will unveil manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy.
Plans include slashing tuition fees in England from £9,000 to £6,000.
Others are calculated to drag Labour government to the left.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years.
But their seven young children came down with whooping cough on April 2.
Four days later, lab tests confirmed the illness.
The Hills' six sons and a daughter between the ages of 10 months and 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories'
Former Juventus boss Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Graziano Pelle and Andros Townsend scored for England.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two.
Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets have killed at least six people in France.
Experts fear millions of them could be heading for Britain.
The threats pose are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers.
UK beekeepers have been sent email alerts by Defra asking them to be on the look-out for the menaces.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican, the smallest country in Europe, between 2001 and 2005.
Camilla Kerslake, 26, arrived at the Olivier Awards in London on Sunday.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier.
The 'pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness.
'Chris and I are on the same page and we definitely plan to get married,' she said.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling all played well.
Jordan Henderson was outstanding and Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
The Massachusetts company says its device could'make this necessary chore easier' and reduce the 38,000 injuries caused by walk-behind mowers each year.
But the National Radio Astronomy Observatory argues that the frequencies iRobot wants to use are the same as they use to detect methanol – a key sign of star formation.
Winston Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering in London in 1959.
Party brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign.
Churchill, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
As she walked through the door, she revealed she had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Rik Sharma sorted the best from the rest during the Champions League clash.
Leo almost burned down his owner's home in Peckham, south-east London.
The Staffordshire-Boxer cross knocked one of the cooker knobs.
Firefighters believe Leo knocked the knobs, turning the rings on.
Leo's family have been left surviving on sandwiches.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
They bought their home in Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987.
But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre.
Pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match for Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The English full back scored one try and had a crucial hand in two others.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon's English flanker Steffon Armitage.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over Charlton.
Alou Diarra gave Charlton the lead against the run of play in the second half.
Hooiveld prodded home Magaye Gueye's low drive in the 87th minute.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
She had declined to see the photos for several decades, and not even after Barrett was convicted 33 years later.
But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright.
The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final in Nyon, Switzerland.
Dasilva was signed by Chelsea aged 12 and is an attack-minded left back who can also operate as a winger.
He recently helped England's Under 17 team to this summer's European Championship finals.
Kate Major Lohan was arrested AGAIN after she 'drunkenly attacked' her husband Michael Lohan on Thursday.
The couple had a heated argument at their Palm Beach, Florida, home.
When police arrived, Kate was visibly intoxicated and had slurred speech and bloodshot eyes.
She was then taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery.
A recording of Michael's 911 call captures him pleading for police to come and arrest his wife.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
He picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja.
It is hoped the exhibition will be featured at the 17th-century building.
The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, says he may never again see out of one eye.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League second leg.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Portugal's record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page.
L'equipe lead with a 'giant' evening approaching for Monaco.
Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in 2010 brought matters to a head.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball.
It took the high-profile blunder that denied Frank Lampard in 2010 to shift FIFA on goal-line tecnhology.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died.
He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina.
Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
The Blues need nine points from their remaining six games to guarantee a first Premier League title in five years.
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff.
Husband Paul says she was forced out of the post after drawing attention to management blunders which cost licence-fee payers about £150,000.
Legal experts described the case as ‘highly unusual’, but predicted that it could be followed by similar claims.
Two images show a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.
But it is unusual because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National.
Woods will have gone nine weeks without competition when he hits his opening tee shot on Thursday.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He was able to fly a CH-47 Chinook with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the South China Sea where they were all ultimately saved.
This after Nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed.
'It was a happy ending to a shi**y war,' said Kent Chipman, one of the sailors on the Kirk of Nguyen's feat.
Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open on Wednesday.
The world No 1 beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to progress.
Williams will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final.
West Ham currently sit first in the Premier League with 999 points.
Sam Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before moving to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
A host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate.
Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie.
'We Will Burn America' includes footage of 9/11 terror attacks and other atrocities.
It claims America 'thinks it's safe' because of its geographical location.
Subtitles claim previous'mujahideen' managed to carry out attacks with 'less resources' than what ISIS currently has.
The 11 minute-long video also features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson were featured in Hillary Clinton's video.
The couple, who are campaigning Democrats, are planning a summer wedding.
Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
Aston Villa reached the FA Cup final for the first time in their history.
They beat Liverpool 3-1 to reach the final at Wembley.
Tim Sherwood's side will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
'I'm not into all this,' a woman named Darlene says of that app.
Meanwhile, another confused woman named Vera calls the app 'Snapchess'
But before the group can start sending pictures, they are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies.
Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference on Saturday.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute.
Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half to secure promotion back to the Football League.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence.
The 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting officers.
He visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashed his genitals outside one.
After spending less than five months behind bars, he has been released.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday.
Steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder.
Manchester City have increased season ticket prices by 283 per cent.
Club have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans.
Some disabled fans say they are 'disgusted' with the club.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise but shot over the bar.
The defeat leaves David Moyes' side in 12th place.
Newcastle United have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
Owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs.
Number of Christians in US will decline from three quarters in 2010 to two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070, according to Pew Research Center.
By 2050, Muslims will make up one in ten of the overall population in Europe.
Buddhist population will remain roughly the same but Hindu and Jewish populations will be larger than they are today.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31.
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
The legal writing professor earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
This study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
He helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
He sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil over a period of months.
School rules forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Mr Gale, who is unmarried, declined to comment directly to The Mail on Sunday.
Peter Fox, 26, believed to have fled to London after mother and sister were found dead.
Bernadette Fox, 57, died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Police are appealing for the public's help to track down Mr Fox.
They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him but warn public not to approach him.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
He was jailed for 18 months for the historic sexual abuse of two young girls.
Pinsard claimed he was himself abused at a Jersey children's home.
The abuse began in 1951 and took place over a period of nine years.
Judge branded the historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant'
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final of the show.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Series one winner Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to.
Rose did not apply to Columbia.
Man in his 70s shot and wounded daughter's boyfriend and police officer.
He barricaded himself in his own home after night of failed negotiations.
Gunmen stormed house in Zaragoza, north-eastern Spain, at 8am this morning.
Shooter yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before firefight ensued.
The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital after being shot twice.
A new study reveals that 1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending.
One in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month.
Nico Rosberg is wary of Ferrari's pace ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs.
But the 29-year-old is concerned by Ferrari's 'dangerous' and 'worrying' pace.
Rosberg trails team-mate Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, lost her leg in a terrible accident last May.
The eight-year-old had to have her right leg amputated below the knee.
She chose Colbie Caillat's Try, a song that accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR are bottom of the Premier League.
But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink of relegation.
Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find the girls.
It is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram.
They were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members.
The attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called '#bringbackourgirls'
More than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed.
Amanda Burleigh was convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
But Ms Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver in his hotel room.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say Durst got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State.
He was speaking on ABC's 7.30 following the Federal Government's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
Mr Andrews said Australian troops will not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle.
This is a stark contrast with deployments over the past decade.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their Premiership clash on Friday night.
James Forrest and Stefan Johansen scored for the visitors.
Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance.
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus.
Dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus Serpula lacrymans.
When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose.
Price starts at £200 for a call-out and he plans to expand it.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly.
Household incomes can influence which social network children use.
Instagram and Snapchat are popular with children from wealthier families.
Study claims 'taxibots' could cut number of cars needed to perform same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent.
Findings come amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
Study used data from Lisbon in Portugal to simulate how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Baby was found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, yesterday.
Police were called to the home at 1am because of breathing difficulties.
Baby was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Man, 25, and woman, 22, arrested on suspicion of murder.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female housemate.
Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants she did not consent to having sex.
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics.
The 26-year-old was released from Lincoln Prison in August 2014.
He spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from the prison.
Staff told him he was free to go and he posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on his Facebook page.
It was only when the prison bus arrived at the court that officials realised a mistake had been made.
The reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Selfish will have '115 cleavage shots, 23 butt shots, 10 nude selfies and 24 butt shots'
The book also features hundreds of photos flaunting her famous cleavage and derriere, including nude photos.
Average pet spends 21 hours a week watching TV, according to a new study.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals.
Two thirds of goldfish owners put the tank in sight of the TV.
One per cent of dogs are glued to the TV for over 10 hours.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'Last week, with my husband by my side, and with the love and support of family and friends, I underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma,' she said.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in raid on home of 92-year-old man.
She and another man bluffed their way in and stole whisky, decanter and phone.
Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Doherty jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed.
The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning.
Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Police are now appealing for the driver to come forward.
Jackson Byrnes has a deadly brain tumour that is too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
The Casino teenager must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery.
After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go.
Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the 18-year-old.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds.
Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi.
He then stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen.
Tribunal at City Exchange in Leeds ordered hotel to pay her £19,500.
Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are, but a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade.
She was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
In
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years.
He has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler.
'The army is here, we are here. It will be okay,' he said.
President Robert Mugabe arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, for state visit.
The 91-year-old appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and earrings.
But after a bit of camera trickery, it was apparent that the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him.
Attorney General Eric Holder bid farewell to the Justice Department on Friday after six years.
Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay.
The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head.
The game could have cost as much as £20,000, but the BBC insist it was made in-house.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly.
Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ‘no evidence whatsoever’
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
'I know what these woman go through on a daily basis; everyday it's a struggle living with CF,' he wrote on his website of the upcoming book.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again.
The SES is particularly worried about the effect more wild weather would have on the Hunter region, which suffered through flooding and high winds in the last storm.
SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills said the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises.
They are all reported to be in a stable condition.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool.
Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents.
Arsenal are unlikely to be the only club in the race to sign Sterling.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with app Handy to offer cat fostering service.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
Amazon is now apparently offering a solution - by allowing you to rent a goat.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
It also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Newcastle.
Arsene Wenger insists he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Danny Welbeck could return to the side after a knee injury.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008.
The Briton said the incident occurred at the event in London.
Hamilton was invited to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the Masters this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants but wants to focus on the week ahead.
Compton's wife, Barbara, and parents Peter and Eli won't be tuning in.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void created by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
He also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back.
Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children because he fears his attackers will kill him if he does.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time.
But his shot was saved by Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Mignolet.
Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals.
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody.
Banda, a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue, has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story.
She wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one Model T a week.
He says his customers love the car because they don't need road tax or MOT.
But with a top speed of 45mph, drivers cannot get anywhere very fast.
Some of his pre-1915 models have gas headlights still lit by a match.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Man United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role.
Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho's side.
Matt Phillips gave QPR the lead after seven minutes at Villa Park.
Christian Benteke equalised just after half-time to make it 2-2.
Charlie Austin scored his first ever Premier League goal for the visitors.
Tim Sherwood threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of the goal.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches.
Photograher Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former England team-mate Alastair Cook.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Oscar was withdrawn at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he is not struggling.
Mourinho insists he will stick by his players despite their decline.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations.
The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies.
Critics of the booklet claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
A hearing in which the Department of Justice will try to reverse the hold on President Obama's executive immigration action is scheduled for Friday.
Peter Alliss said gender equality laws have 'b*****ed up the game'
Veteran broadcaster also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
The Open Championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the BBC.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997 for £65,000.
They spent eight years and hundreds of thousands renovating the castle, reputed to have been used by John Knox as a hiding place.
Now it is on the market for £695,000 even though the couple will lose a six-figure sum.
Despite that, Janet, 60, and John, 64, insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
The Grade A-listed building was lovingly transformed into a stunning home while staying true
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to a relatively injury-free squad.
Brazilian website claims to have new Chelsea kit for sale.
The kit can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back.
Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Didier Drogba's Chelsea deal expires at the end of the season.
John Zelepos, 48, faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
Prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties.
The 12-cabin-high structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
It was abandoned for years but new owners are now renovating it.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers.
Arsenal's Mathieu Flamini was used as a full back in Arsenal's run to the 2006 Champions League final.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles.
His offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride.
It raised £1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity.
The charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma.
Falcao takes a 2-1 lead in the video before Aguero scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
Manuel Pellegrini's side travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place after defeat to Crystal Palace.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City.
Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United, Liverpool are four points behind.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Button was given a five-second penalty after the race.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Previous inquests recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out at the High Court in 2012 after years of campaigning by the families of those killed.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson were also almost killed.
Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls in New York City.
'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair.
The Clinton Foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
That hasn't sat well with Republicans vying for their party's presidential nomination.
Hillary Clinton is Public Enemy Number One on the campaign
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it's arms outstretched.
James Tingley, 70, was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
His crimes span a period of 50 years.
Tingley's perverted accomplice Randy Stevens, 45, was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury.
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
British Airways is also cancelling around a dozen return flights from the UK.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings.
The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Premier League run.
But Rodgers insists a drop-off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
Obi Okeke, who owns Fusion Luxury Motors, was interviewed on the video on Mayweather's Facebook page.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Lightning is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure and claims many victims around the world each year.
Nigella Lawson will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will mark her first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Charles Saatchi and the explosive fraud case that followed.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory.
The 42-year-old led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by the storm.
Giffo, who is based in Latina, teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around Italy.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's.
The 26-year-old found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right.
She then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson.
Ryan Giggs has been Louis van Gaal's assistant since last summer.
The Welshman has been in temporary charge of Manchester United.
Van Gaal believes Giggs would be the natural choice to succeed him.
Giggs made a record 963 appearances for United during his playing career.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew had been wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy.
Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks.
The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers.
However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev's mother, Zubeidat, who ranted in the wake of his
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
In contrast, pupils enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered remains to be seen.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect.
Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
Sentenced to 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars.
Victims lured to U.S. via Planet Romeo, a free dating site.
Bergen-Belsen became final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
After liberation by British and Canadian troops in 1945, it was torched, and at least part of that suffering was destroyed.
Pictures were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it.
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform.
She made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills.
Her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance.
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados.
The England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Robshaw's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Ben Flower returned to action after six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
She endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has gone and she
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz.
Volunteers are now hoping to transport the boat back to Dunkir to celebrate its amazing achievement.
Aaron Stringer, of Bakersfield, California, Police Department, accused of 'tickle tickle'
Allegedly ran fingers along soles of Ramiro James Villegas' feet.
Officers killed 22-year-old on November 13 after high-speed chase.
Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from department since November.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, Douglas Mess, 52, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
Authorities believe she murdered her husband but have not commented on what led to his death or how she allegedly carried out the murder.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Tiger Woods and Yao Ming met up at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai.
The former NBA star helped Woods get to grips with his swing.
Woods confirmed he will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 win against Granada.
The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals by Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling.
Hart admits it is one of his worst days in a Man City shirt.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and husband, Joseph Naaman, 34.
They said his crate was damaged so badly that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Etihad Airways said it is working with ground handlers and 'third-party specialists' to find the cat.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air.
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped.
It has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'
However, when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
The watch has 'high performance' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case, that's 60 per cent stronger than standard aluminium, but is just as light.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
She was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
But as the rhyme continues, her eyes begin to fill with tears.
As she gets to the penultimate verse, she starts to sob with her arm across her face.
At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return.
Kyle Knox, 23, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The 44-year-old man had just returned from a holiday in Algeria.
He wanted to complain about the temperatures he experienced during his trip.
Great Manchester Police tweeted a warning about wasting time.
The incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page.
Neil Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones in Sheffield.
Robertson believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns.
Blackpool fans have rallied round a pensioner sued by the Oyston family.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship's basement club.
Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days.
Knight is a lifelong fan and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table.
Ashley Young believes the Red Devils will challenge for the title next season.
The 29-year-old has played a prominent role under Louis van Gaal.
Young has praised Van Gaal's managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club.
Lord Tebbit said David Cameron has never had a 'proper job' before entering politics.
The former Tory party chairman said the PM had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television.
He also criticised Mr Cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government.
Atletico Madrid drew 2-2 with Malaga in La Liga on Saturday.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal.
The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line.
Torres has scored just four goals for Diego Simeone's side.
Rio Ferdinand has played just five times since the start of October.
The 36-year-old has been suspended, benched or out of the squad altogether.
Ferdinand also won 81 caps for England during his glittering career.
QPR find themselves two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast on Saturday.
Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
They were travelling with their mother, grandmother Helen Boddy, 54, and elder brother Daniel, 12, when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
The revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over his links to millionaire donors.
Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe – the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service'
Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building.
Boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2.
The Mayweather Boxing Club is a private facility that is not open to the general public.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Fellaini.
The 20-year-old man-marked him superbly during the Blues' win.
Jose Mourinho said he asked ZouMA to turn the match into a '10 against 10' clash.
Chelsea host QPR in the west London derby on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand.
Steven Gerrard is set to play for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
Martin Skrtel believes Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Skrtel has praised the impact Gerrard has had on him since arriving at Anfield in 2008.
The Slovakia international believes Liverpool have the players to replace Gerrard.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where one in 10 homes are vacant.
The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Under Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents.
Dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake.
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold Olympic rowing competitions.
Officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
Previous fish die-offs in the lake have been blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen levels.
Jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food.
The 28-year-old said that he has to be 'perfect in training'
Bolt admitted eating a McDonald's wrap on the morning of the race.
He also admitted eating hash browns, rice and pork.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window.
Six people are believed to have been killed in anti-immigrant protests near Johannesburg.
Police responded to the wave of protests by firing rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse crowds.
Violence flared days after Zulu King said foreigners should leave South Africa.
Anderson Silva will meet with taekwondo officials in Rio de Janeiro.
The 40-year-old Brazilian is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests.
Silva has a hearing scheduled for May on the doping allegations.
Manny Pacquiao had just said'very good' in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going.
The camp had blamed the log-jam of callers for overloading the system.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies are filmed chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot.
They tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out his weapon.
After firing one round into Harris, he drops gun from recoil.
Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
Farhina Touseef is the subject of Channel 4's Unreported World.
She is leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through Taliban strongholds.
The Taliban, a fundamentalist political movement, is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
In Pakistan, polio has been on the rise since the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick.
Two of her colleagues were gunned down on the job in 2012 by the terror group for issuing the vaccine.
Juan Mata reveals Wayne Rooney tells him England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted lid on England captain's bullish attitude.
Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering Claudia Lawrence.
The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance.
Ms Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
Detectives have searched three locations in the York area looking for evidence.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured with kids.
The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
Baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
He said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
The deal set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping sanctions.
If they are found to be in violation of the terms, the sanctions will be put back in place.
It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is achieved.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
Ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
The Aviva Premiership champions are looking to bounce back from last year's semi-final defeat at Twickenham.
Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Clermont have an array of attacking talent that can hurt Saracens with Wesley Fofana to the fore.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria.
The exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
One theory, suggested by Steven Hanna in 1969, is that the dunes are created by helical roll vortices.
These are long rolls of air that spiral, or rotate one way before rotating another.
They are commonly seen in clouds, creating what's known as 'cloud streets' that
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Geyen was first reported missing on Saturday night, having been out on bail since he was first charged in November 2013.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted.
A man named 'Mike' accused Knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake.
Knight went on to explain to the activists that he never voted in support of ‘amnesty’ for immigrants.
He was one of 75 House Republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the Department of Homeland Security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking Obama's immigration reform.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford found that authorities had failed to protect them.
Tory minister said authorities had to 'get to the bottom of this'
The alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’
It emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan.
It shut down three train lines in both directions.
Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway.
Water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a West Village convenience store.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1.
Louis van Gaal had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting.
The Dutchman said he kissed Herrera at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life and then he shot.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems.
In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
The shocking footage shows that many drivers are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day.
One truck driver
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain.
United would demand £30m if Real Madrid try to sign him this summer.
Steve Webb has urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions.
Pensions reforms allow over-55s to cash in their pension pots.
Government appealed for caution, perhaps fearing some people will quickly exhaust their funds and be forced to rely on the State.
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were found in a skip outside St James' Park.
The club said the images were 'old and not being used anymore'
Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given are included.
Incident happened in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca.
Unnamed man was trying to make it to safety behind a set of iron bars.
But the bull appeared to hit him square between the legs with one of its horns.
He was seen limping away to be tended to by medical crews.
Two rare paintings used to plan filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One painting, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard for the first time, went for £25,000.
The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold  for £10,000.
Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
Danny Welbeck was spotted at the Manchester Arena on Monday night.
Liverpool beat the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
#SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner 787 routes.
All guests on the new routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The app will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla.
Real Madrid are now just two points off in second place.
Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute.
It was the second London heist in a week for Chelsea at Loftus Road.
Jose Mourinho's team are within inches of the Premier League crown.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, was arrested after deputies found he had a small alligator inside his Florida home.
He had found the injured gator and given it to his son, 13, to nurse back to health.
It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob - which is Arabic for an intense dust storm.
The sandstorm was so thick the city was plunged into darkness, forcing motorists to turn on their lights as they navigate the darkened roads.
Iain Duncan Smith launches scathing attack on Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
He says Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
Former Tory leader set out powerful moral case for party's policies.
Calls on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements.
Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at record high.
Louise Van Ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court has heard.
Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences.
He is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts.
Under the order he is not allowed to dispose of a property, superannuation distributions and shares or securities in four companies.
It allows him to spend up to $500 a week on living expenses and $25,000 on legal bills.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American Adult film company Brazzers.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage.
Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film.
Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for pornography.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the Gone Girl kidnapping of Denise Huskins says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This comes just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles away beside her
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police accused of 'victim-blaming' in its campaign.
It urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.
Women's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks.
But supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength.
Call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean.
Hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005.
He left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
His brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks.
Tobias said his brother offered little explanation to his disappearance.
Emile Heskey and Eidur Gudjohnsen joined Bolton on short-term deals in December.
Heskey has contributed just one goal, but impressed in his nine Championship starts.
The former England striker has found the net five times this season.
Bolton manager Neil Lennon has also fined midfielders Barry Bannan and Neil Danns two weeks wages this week.
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't.
The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated.
Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest.
Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
Stephen James Hendry, 24, is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt.
This week, he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes.
Kevin Blandford's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet.
Each one shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife.
The 33-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace.
But his wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
Amusing photos show Kevin looking sad while snorkelling next to a boat called ‘Spread Eagle II’ and playing a slot machine at a casino.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
The dog has the hair of an English Bulldog, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter.
The dog also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
More than a third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.
The frail elderly woman lost five kilograms in five days.
Ms Tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down.
Taliban propaganda release praises Mullah Omar's'special' sense of humour.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since 2001 US-led invasion in Afghanistan.
Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Some insurgents express disaffection with one-eyed warrior-cleric.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 - but separated in February.
Divorce was finalised on March 31 and there was an 'irretrievable breakdown'
Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead in the 57th minute at Elland Road.
Graham Dorrans made up for his late penalty miss with a late goal.
Norwich are now one step closer to the Premier League relegation zone.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of breach of Act 1983.
It bans candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes.
Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on April 2.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
The raven-haired teen stunned in her McQ Alexander McQueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making public safety announcement in order to avoid jail.
He was arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them.
The playboy gun-obsessive has amassed 7.4million Instagram followers.
Bilzerian is known for posting images of scantily clad women, wild parties, and his extension gun collection.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest in Paris.
Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home.
They also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'
His arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33.
She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a Paris suburb.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of the Tottenham winger.
Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas.
Courtney Terry, 27, has a kidney cancer so rare it does not have a name.
She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months.
But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her condition.
Now she and her family are relying on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
The Millwall FC fan has received multiple treatments including chemotherapy, trials, surgery and radiotherapy.
Pope Francis presiding over torchlight procession at Colosseum this evening.
He is using service to stress persecution of Christians in Middle East, Africa and elsewhere.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Pope Francis washed and kissed feet of former Miss Italy contestant who was jailed after stealing friends' credit cards.
Nick Cousins, 57, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15.
Police investigating whether her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Jose Mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George's Facebook page.
The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday.
Keane is sidelined by a groin injury and struggles to remember the lyrics.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night in the Scottish Premiership.
Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Premiership 'terrible'
Gary Teale has hit back at Deila's criticism of the pitch.
New pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys.
It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports.
Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix.
She was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
Now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
But a potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking havoc.
Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country.
Farmers in Swaziland have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination.
They can now yield double the crop they once could annually.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset.
Claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
He said parents should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally.
Mr Tait warned interference could end up hindering their natural development.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America.
The bear sits partially submerged in the water and appears to try and bite him.
Video shows the youngster trying to coax the bear out of the glass.
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.
The fruitcake has been home-made by two WI star bakers.
Some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest, Diageo and Whitworths.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium.
Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for Roy Hodgson's side.
Andros Townsend equalised for the Three Lions at half-time.
Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
He was arrested on Wednesday after being recognized as he walked by the establishment.
Jamelia, 34, aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She said that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'
Now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments.
Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes that Jamelia’s message to women is incredibly disturbing.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks.
Experts said a badly hung parliament would send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
The band said it was 'thinking of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran and their families right now'
The pair will be executed in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Australian time.
Some fans supporters the band's stance on the issue, while others criticised it.
Manchester City are planning a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
The Premier League champions are keen to increase their homegrown quota.
Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million, a fee that City can afford.
City may look to use other players as bait, but Liverpool are likely to demand a straight cash fee.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night.
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings  in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced, while around a dozen people were injured.
Lyon beat Saint-Etienne 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday.
Clinton N'Jie gave Lyon the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off.
Romain Hamouma equalised for the hosts at the Stade de Gerland.
Lille kept fourth place in Ligue 1 with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river, which separates it from Andrea.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter.
They fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
Police release an image of a car similar to Ms Scott's - a red Mazda 3 sedan with NSW registration BZ-19-CD.
Scott Keyes, 28, is a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress.
He is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class.
Keyes reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program is reached.
Khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States.
'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
But he hed
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft.
The hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial.
Dr Joe Hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
A 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen.
By comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
The average human body has the equivalent of 16kg (35lbs) of carbon in it and enough oxygen to fill a volume equivalent to 6 elephants.
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Taylor told police that a group of men tied him to the tree after stealing $2,500 from him.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time.
The married mother-of-three was arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them.
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was visiting family farm in Acton, Suffolk.
She took the deadly medicine and injected it after feeling like a 'failure'
She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed.
Paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital.
But Charlotte died from the effects of the drug, an inquest heard.
Pauline Bruce and her son John were terrorised by neighbour for seven years.
Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
The couple moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire, following Tony's retirement in 2002.
After Tony's death, John moved in with his mother to support her and he continued to be abused by Yvonne.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall.
Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and a Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Steven Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon.
Nicky Law and Haris Vuckic scored for the home side.
Stuart McCall's side remain level on 61 points with Hibs.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
Robin Weld, who lives in parched Sacramento, recently took the step of converting her home's toilet into a toilet-sink.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in Manhattan.
He was declared missing following gas explosion and building collapse last month.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Father, Nixon, said: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken'
He added: 'My wife is broken. It hurts... It's heartbreaking for everybody'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger.
Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind off Chris Jordan.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands?
Gareth Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for Wales this season.
The Welshman returns to Real Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have won just one of their last five games in all competitions.
Real take on 19th-placed Granada at the Nou Camp on Sunday.
Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old has earned four international caps for Australia.
Charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling the illness.
He spoke about the daily struggles that his illness presents.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says his father's killer should never have been on a police force.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting death of Eric Harris.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world's creatures.
Oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide, but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry.
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame.
And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata on Friday.
The 20-year-old was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.
Sachin Tendulkar, the highest runscorer in Test and one-day international history, was among several India stars to offer their condolences.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve Leicester's slim chance of Premier League survival.
Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the clash on Saturday.
Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California.
It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0.
Ozil is now setting his sights on the Premier League clash with Liverpool.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
The experienced Latvian climber held his nerve after the tumble and even continued his ascent to the top.
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned female students from running.
The principal believes there is'scientific evidence' to back his claims.
Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims, but rather a plot against them.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Radwansa has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed to Daily Mail Australia an internal investigation is underway.
Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code, which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $
Sanjay Chaddah claimed Dean Paton kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah, 43, was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
Fans group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The group are encouraging fans to take part in peaceful protests outside Sports Direct stores.
Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month.
Chef Jacques LaMerde is dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations.
The dishes use cheap, everyday junk food, such as Fritos and Jimmy Dean sausage patties.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams.
Bristolian Trump enjoyed a century break in frame six to beat Peter Ebdon.
Shaun Murphy came from 3-2 down to see off Anthony McGill 5-4.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
The Dutchman won the league and cup double in his first season in charge.
Ribery claims Van Gaal lost the players' trust while he was at the club.
He also claims Real Madrid tried to sign him in 2009, only to be persuaded to stay in Germany.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues, such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone.
Indian Creek Island Road in Miami boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
Another resident, who enjoys the enormous lots on the island, includes Colombian Jaime Galinski.
The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
His mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Leeds' sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role.
The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
Cellino has been banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan.
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
One of The Osborne's longtime residents, Naomi Guffman, recently told the Post 'I have a poltergeist!'
Lord Uxbridge commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the Battle of Waterloo.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history.
The 18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
The Spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and is expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
By the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of £78,000.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13.
The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Skydiving instructor Mike Robinson was one person who found himself in a sticky situation – after a plane collided with the aircraft he was in.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Sir Bruce Forsyth said people should not be 'left to suffer'
Veteran entertainer said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than allowing them to die.
His first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home with dementia.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Sir Bruce said he would like the right to end his life 'with dignity left'
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan.
Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Barney Gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in county history.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket.
Gibson made his debut for Yorkshire in 2011 aged 15.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City have dropped down to fourth in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on United.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour.
The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a great send-off at Aintree this week.
The 40-year-old from County Antrim has been bidding his farewells.
McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National.
Aintree will line the parade ring with banners from AP's 20 Grand Nationals.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area.
Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists had vanished.
The couple still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties.
In June, it's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
The falsely labelled bread has generated an income of around $300 million over three years.
Joe Anderson, 56, claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School.
He was a senior learning mentor at the school when he was a councillor.
But when it became an academy in 2011, it ceased paying him.
Mr Anderson, who is paid an £80,000 salary, tried to sue the school for discrimination.
Claimed he was being punished for a 'philosophical belief' in public service.
Tribunal ruled that Mr Anderson was unfairly dismissed, but that it was '100% likely' the school would have sacked him following a consultation.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder.
He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail.
Mr Cunningham had the mental age of a child and was running away from an Army patrol.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments.
The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
It has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's 2-0 win at St Mirren.
The Scotland striker was on the substitutes bench during the match.
His manager Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in their Copa America warm-up in New Jersey.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance was blocked.
Sergio Aguero scored his 22nd international goal and first since Argentina beat Germany 4-2 in a friendly last September.
Group of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a California gas station early on Saturday morning.
Group covered the white Dodge Charger and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
The 29-year-old was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup lifts up the toilet seat and hovers over it.
He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover.
Once he's finished, he puts the lid down and flushes before running out.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning.
But autopilot ignored pilot's commands to climb and tried to crash plane.
Plane pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to 1,100ft above sea.
Pilot put out emergency signal before regaining control and saving 30 passengers.
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps.
Investigators are examining his computer to determine his state of mind.
Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee.
The safety systems were introduced following the 9/11 attacks.
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, was convicted of child sex offences against girls.
He befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol - normally vodka.
Married businessman would pursue interest 'away from home and family'
Khawib had 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in teenage girls, trial heard.
Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes before plying them with vodka.
Steven Howie, 28, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 injuries.
The pair were staying at the Carronbridge Hotel in Stirling on New Year's Eve.
Howie, a joiner, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault.
He pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges and smashed furnishings.
Because the inn was so isolated Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws.
He was swiftly taken into custody and is now under house arrest in Ruskin, Florida.
On Monday, he called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across D.C. and his safe landing.
Hughes said he never feared he would be shot down, despite coming within feet of the guarded building.
Despite landing unscathed, he said that he believes the security in the city is 'ironclad'
Short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water.
The video is based on an actual event when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing in the Hudson River.
Alastair Cook put West Indies in to bat on day one of the Test.
Graeme Swann said Cook's form with the bat turned.
Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Brent Council said it couldn't afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with Robert Clark.
The 96-year-old spent his £50,000 life savings on his care.
Now, the council want to move him into a care home because it is cheaper.
But Help for Heroes has launched a fundraising drive to help him.
They have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed so far.
Any extra money will go towards the care of other former servicemen and women.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Martistee is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
The charges stem from a video police found where hundreds of people are seen watching the incident without attempting to intervene.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman.
Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Jimmy Anderson took his 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record.
England had to settle for a draw on the fifth day of the first Test in Antigua.
Jason Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn England a deserved draw.
Anderson has had ups and downs since claiming Mark Vermeulen as his first Test victim 12 years ago at Lord's.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games.
City have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are a team seemingly without spirit or direction.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are free to leave in the summer.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in June.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix 253.5km one-day race.
The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis.
Tickets to watch Wiggins attempt on June 7 go on sale from April 19.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday.
He was joined by Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game.
Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol on February 19.
Her body parts were found at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for her murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police.
The blunder was made at the pensions office in Essen, Germany.
The £3.35 billion bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
It is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Bruce Willis' John McClane would never have survived long enough to smash through a plate glass window in the first Die Hard movie.
Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities.
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.
Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rent-a-farmhouse initiative brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange.
The town's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
She was born and raised in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese.
But critics have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough.
Ariana has been inspired by Mariah Carey's struggle to get to the top.
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident.
He has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film Deadpool.
James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his Madrid goals in the Santiago Bernabeu.
He has also found the net 60 times in the Champions League this season.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams.
The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin gave the Gunners the lead with a superb left-foot curling effort.
Olivier Giroud equalised for the visitors in stoppage time.
Raheem Sterling failed to capitalise when put in on goal.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s.
They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago.
The Volga region of Russia are one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and seven towns with another man on the hood of his car.
Harvard claims the man, Steven Sutton, 36, of Pittsburgh, confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale, Pennsylvania, saying he was furious that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home.
The two men started arguing Sunday night and Harvard drove through Harmar Township, Springdale Township, Frazier Township, East Deer Township, Tarentum Borough, Fawn Township and into Harrison Township.
Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious, and five worst breads consumers can buy.
Baker's Delight Cape Seed and Burgen's Soy Lin came in third and fourth in her top five.
This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic from Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train on Friday morning.
The 58-year-old was responding to a report about an opossum on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville.
She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert.
Adele McKenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, David Elliot.
The 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
Ms McKenzie is expecting around 70 guests at her wedding that will be held in Sydney's Terrey Hills.
Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for refuelling.
Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off'
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
The Gunners have won seven straight games since February 7.
They are now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Arsenal hold the record for the most consecutive wins.
Father reveals his daughter became hooked on drugs after buying them in school playground.
He has written an open letter to South Gloucestershire Council pleading for action.
The father, only known as John, has called on the council to tackle drug dealing in its schools.
Robbie Williams has submitted fresh plans to extend his mansion.
The 41-year-old has ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension.
Former film director Michael Winner had a home cinema built into the house.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page has hired a team of experts to help him rebuff the couple's original plans.
Stephanie Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow'
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were flooded with images of yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Ms Scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder.
Amongst those touched by her death is Channel Nine's Today Show co-host Lisa Wilkinson.
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday.
Supporters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday.
Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a target for Liverpool.
The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and Sevilla.
He has also impressed at the FIFA Under 20 World Cup.
Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to overlook Mark Clattenburg.
Clattenburg has never refereed an FA Cup final and is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
They received a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards.
He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
Beer expert Peter Nixon, drinks expert at Dan Murphy's, has shared his top wine pairings.
The spice component of cinnamon and nutmeg is harmonious with a classic Australian Rutherglen Liquer Muscat.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
The West Ham manager feels his work at Upton Park is far from done.
Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song are the only ones to have played in the Premier League before.
Carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia.
Passer-by whipped out his gun and stopped the thief in the shoulder.
He will be charged with aggravated assault and theft when he is discharged.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
27-year-old from Tamworth, Staffordshire, weighed just 6st at the time.
Doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
She says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her confidence to overcome depression.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February due to knee problems.
The 68-year-old has turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edwin Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly four weeks.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, who is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded.
Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League second leg.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the lack of English clubs.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16.
Simeone believes Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight wants to avoid losing successive fights.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'
But it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move'misguided'
Driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper, believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway.
She was'shocked' that the driver's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full.
The driver has been taken out of passenger service while the agency investigates, and could face possible penalties including termination or retraining depending on his work history.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track.
His father Michael has won the Formula 1 championship seven times.
Schumacher's father is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in Switzerland.
Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won Extreme Huntress in 2010.
She is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills.
Gervais tweeted: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?'
Muslim Engagement and Development said to have boasted they can influence 30 seats.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
Chief executive Sufyan Ismail said to be in talks with Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
Sydney-sider Steve York has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings.
HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand, France, South Africa, USA, Canada and Sweden.
Chris Smalling has joined Twitter just days before Manchester City clash.
The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in England.
United team-mate Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
Mayweather's £300million showdown with Manny Pacquiao could be a dud.
One in six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim.
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
Another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near North America, Antarctica and NZ are most likely to die out.
Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions.
He proposes that the rate of extinction will speed up in line with rising temperatures.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon after she drove a red Peugeot towards Southend.
Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries.
The woman was taken to Basildon University Hospital as a precaution.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday.
The midfielder also set the record for most appearances in the knockout phase.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total.
Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi if he plays against Atletico.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
John Terry scored a late goal to put Chelsea on the brink of the title.
Jose Mourinho's side are 13 points ahead of second-placed Arsenal.
Victory at home to Crystal Palace will hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010.
'John' posted advert in window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It says: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft'
He then details a phone number and says 'contact... Or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs'
The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on Facebook.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Lesbians4Hillary co-chaired by tennis great Billie Jean King.
King helped run Clinton's 2008 Women for Hillary Clinton wing.
The Twitter handle for the new group is @lezs4hillary.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
He said: 'When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall, is that right?'
Tory leader must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority.
Chris Smalling visited his old Judo club on Friday.
The Manchester United defender presented some replica jerseys to members.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was named national champion for his age group.
The Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice attended a traditional Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while Beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation.
With them was Autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one.
Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
The adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events.
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph.
She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit.
Hagon, who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003, had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit.
Judge David Turner branded his driving'madness' and accused him of changing Miss McIntyre's life for the worse.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday.
He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4.
Realtors have priced this single-story property at a cool $2.5 million.
The 1904 Victorian build will be sold at a live auction by Tim Hawko of Zephyr Real Estate.
Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old has scored 15 goals for Celtic this season.
Griffiths says he has 'knuckled down' to prove Celtic boss Ronny Deila wrong.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
Now that Graham's on board the defensive end had some choice words for his new team-mate.
Bennett did soften a little, adding: 'Obviously I'm going to be a better team-mates to him because he's on my team'
Gary Hooper scored a stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion.
Former Celtic star Hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the Canaries bench.
Neil Lennon had promised his side would spoil a few parties in the remaining games of the season with Brantford and Bournemouth coming up in the next few weeks.
Ivan Cameron was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder.
It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits.
He died aged six in 2009.
His wife Samantha said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point'
She spoke for the first time of the 'nightmare' of learning their first child had a rare disorder which left him needing round-the-clock care.
A 50-year-old man will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
Five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it.
The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
Jason Brown was racially abused by John Wild in October last year.
Wild was given a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association.
Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work.
Easy-to-assemble options such as cheese and crackers, to more complicated steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches.
The site also has more complicated options for those who have time on their hands and want to experiment.
Caley beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil Van Dijk scored a superb free-kick in the 18th minute.
Celtic were down to 10 men when David Raven equalised.
John Hughes says the break was a turning point in the game.
Former Falkirk captain and manager Hughes will take on his former club.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a 1984 gig.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Photographer Seph Lawless, 37, who took these incredible pictures, said: 'This theater has gone down in folklore in my hometown'
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Manchester United in the eighth minute.
Ashley Young doubled the hosts' lead in the 67th minute with a thumping header.
Marouane Fellaini equalised for the hosts with a header from Ashley Young's cross.
Chris Smalling added a fourth with a close-range header to give United the lead.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
'Investigation revealed a resident was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months,' said a police statement.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon argue that Trout Run has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish there.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology.
The rehabilitation program was founded in 1966 and is based on the teachings of Scientology's founder L. Ron Hubbard.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona.
The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago.
Bellerin scored the opener for Arsenal against Liverpool on Saturday.
PSG and Man United target Dani Alves could leave the Nou Camp.
Nine crew members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday.
The 85-foot-long ship was on its way to St Maarten in the Caribbean with nine crew members on its first voyage of the season.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's memorial.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of open-mouthed mourners.
Some mourners appeared to be more interested in filming the sexy dancers.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after victim Oisin Tymon said he did not want to press charges, officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Mr Clarkson is still set to appear in Top Gear Live shows alongside Richard Hammond and James May.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph’s winner.
Grealish tweeted it was the 'Best feeling of my life!!'
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The Briton was unable to maintain his lead in the Paris-Roubaix.
John Degenkolb won the race in two laps of the Roubaix Velodrome.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose.
Their engagement was confirmed last November.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City's game against Lincoln City.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
It was a day I have often tried to forget, but it was the one I must always remember.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back is a free agent.
Eckersley has been hampered by injuries throughout his career.
The 26-year-old made over 50 appearances for Toronto FC.
Several properties were littered with debris over the town of West Pittston.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane.
The bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics.
She now works as a life coach and writer for the Huffington Post.
Has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania.
QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Friday.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist comments made in October 2011.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey believes the issue has been dealt with.
Ramsey revealed Rio Ferdinand won't be fit for a reunion with Terry.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
The images were released as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself in her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio on Sunday morning.
Eldemire had called police the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived, but after speaking with him, she sent the officers away, police said.
The next morning, her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police, who found the bodies and one gun inside the room
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
The 4,180-passenger Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
The ship is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer.
Craig Stephen Hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister.
Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim's blood was on his pants.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
He is accused of shooting dead a man who worked in the school's print shop.
The single bullet fired on Monday morning killed Rodney Lane, who was a long-time employee.
It is not known whether Stancill and Lane are connected or related.
Police have issued a warrant for his arrest, describing him as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye.
Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of Manchester United fans by claiming victory in Sunday's derby against City at Old Trafford.
Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals.
The 29-year-old knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
David Alaba has been ruled out for seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan could face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi on May 2.
Khan is the stand-by for the Filipino boxer had Floyd Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century.
Pacquiao prefers an early winter date for his second fight of a year.
Click here for more boxing news.
Andrew Chan, then 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005.
Both men were arrested at Denpasar airport along with Scott Rush, Michael Czugaj, Lawrence and Stephens who had heroin strapped to their stomach and legs.
They were found with 334g of heroin along with materials for smuggling including Elastoplast, scales and plastic wrap.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy suffers from Anophthalmia, a rare condition which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.
But 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn't meet the criteria for anxiety.
Study looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI)
A state investigation found that as far back as 2005, educators from the 50,000-student Atlanta school system fed answers to students or erased and changed answers on tests after they were turned in.
Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools with nearly 180 educators involved, and teachers who tried to report it were threatened with retaliation.
In 2013, 35 educators were indicted on charges including racketeering, making false statements and theft.
Some pleaded guilty before the trial, and some testified at the months-long trial.
The jury acquitted one of the 12 former educators who went to trial and convicted the other 11 of racket
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
A GoFundMe campaign has raised nearly $90,000 for the family.
Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not fail the English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school.
Floyd Mayweather adds a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his sports car collection.
The 38-year-old boxer takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight.
Yaya Toure has struggled to impose himself at Manchester City.
The Ivorian signed for City for £24million from Barcelona in 2010.
Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
He has been one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen in its modern form.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt is the fastest man of all time, but Gay is close behind him.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company.
Microsoft has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Various app stores merged into one platform, called the One Store.
Return of the Start Menu, which had been removed from Windows 8.
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer.
This is despite Robert Clark having already used £50,000 of his life savings.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
It will pay for around four to five months care for Mr Clark in his own home.
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
Male and female peacocks became more alert when the low noises were played back to them by researchers, with males shrieking out in response.
Experts are unsure how the birds detect infrasound, but know that some can feel vibration through their legs.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace.
Prince William will enjoy six weeks' paternity leave after birth of second child.
He will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid leave, aides say.
Kate plans to deliver her child at the Lindo Wing, where the cost of giving birth naturally is up to £10,000.
Rona Fairhead will stand down as director of HSBC while continuing role at BBC.
The 53-year-old was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' over her handling of a tax evasion scandal at the bank’s Swiss division.
She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20.
Sandstorm swept across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.
It reached as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days.
The sandstorm caused traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it has been found.
The weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report.
Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C – and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000.
The former child star turned Real Housewife is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel.
The 50-year-old is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 following her April 16 incident at the Polo Lounge.
She was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, and were planning to head south April 11.
Instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes during the battle for North Africa.
Rommel, nicknamed the Desert Fox, also became an iconic wartime figure.
The goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Six years, one marriage and two children later, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
At one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide.
She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ‘unimaginably cruel’ trade.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
State-run website says he greeted Venezuelans visiting Havana.
Four images show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
The encounters were said to take place on Monday.
Castro will turn 89 on Aug. 13.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
The topic of their argument is not yet known.
Keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds.
Her 15-month-old baby girl was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk's last call-up to Holland came last year.
The Celtic defender has never been capped by his country.
Ronny Deila believes the standard of Scottish football makes no difference to Holland's decision-making.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia on Wednesday.
They will now face Juventus in the final on June 7.
Senad Lulic scored the winning goal for Lazio.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
It will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the Vivienne Westwood store.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, married Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan.
The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other.
Malik is the son of the Sultan of Brunei, one of the world's richest
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
The Red half of the city were turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes.
But was this the case? Was it a sign that United are the dominant force in Manchester again?
Sportsmail's verdict on the issues: Is Manchester red again?
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy against Seattle Sounders.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
LA Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer.
The video was released on April 20, which is widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day for getting high.
It shows the three ex-cops smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug, eating snacks, and playing games.
'It's like the last piece of prohibition,' says Robert, 73, who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before performing criminal justice training for another decade.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after anonymous tip.
Police received anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two daughters.
When they arrived at their home, they discovered'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with urine and feces and had homemade 'gate'
The children were fed through a gate, and are said to be thriving.
Suggs and Kangas have been spared jail after pleading guilty to child neglect.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference.
The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred in the West Village.
During the three-minute video, Detective Cherry shouts at the driver, screaming, 'I don't know where you're coming from, where you think you're appropriate in doing that'
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images.
They helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word.
US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement marking the anniversary.
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0.
The former England captain was rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin.
Cesc Fabregas equalised for QPR with a late equaliser.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
BBC chiefs fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs.
They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.
But the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee.
Viewers are currently able to use the BBC's online services without paying for them.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
It is followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641 photos.
The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap.
Nearly 60 million photos are uploaded to Instagram each day, according to the home-swapping site.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickelson and another mercurial American in Moore.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The cancer had spread to his brain and lungs.
Hartson has reflected on how cancer made him change his life.
Former Celtic striker says he loves the settled life he has formed.
Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds.
Opening the auction in aid of Chipping Norton's lido, he said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not, so I will say s****'
Clarksons was due to make his TV comeback as guest host of BBC1's Have I Got News for You on April 23.
Insurers are dodging rules that ban them from charging female drivers less.
They offer lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women.
Gender equality rules, laid down by EU Court of Justice, came into effect from December 2012.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, on Wednesday.
He was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21.
Taylor beat a guard unconscious, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV.
Authorities believe someone may be helping Taylor hide.
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4, when it was published in 1982.
The book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies.
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea.
The Poland international has one year left on his current deal.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
Surgeons operating to extract the growth were shocked to discover it was a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Tests revealed the mass was benign, and the student is expected to make a full recovery in just three weeks.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404, an online support group for LGBT teenagers.
She receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 in London on May 30.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson.
Joe Arpaio, who calls himself ‘America’s Toughest Sheriff’, and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Montenegro is from Queens, New York, and studies at Valencia Community College.
The short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10.
It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
In one passage, Victoria wrote: 'Oh do not send me away dear Pappa'
Raheem Sterling is at loggerheads with Liverpool over a new deal.
Zinedine Zidane has revealed Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling.
The Bernabeu legend has been managing the Castilla B-Team.
Sterling has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
The 29-year-old actor has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011.
The pair got together in 2011 shortly after she split from Jude Law.
He is set to star in American Buffalo and Weightless later this year.
Tom counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new boxers.
He bought 365 pairs - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear.
After wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised it was 'bankruptcy'
He has now reverted back to normal routine of wearing and washing boxers several times over.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres.
The car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444.
Ambulance staff said it was incredible the driver was even alive.
But as paramedics and firefighters worked to release him, they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.
Since then, paramedics have said the crash would have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
But Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years.
Opponents claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the game.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, was so addicted to the energy drink she drank 24 cans a day.
She became lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and anxious.
Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams.
After a 50-minute hypnotherapy session she claims she has been cured of her addiction.
Clermont were thrashed 37-5 by English champions in European Rugby Champions Cup.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting him to an open training session.
The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc's side lost the first leg 3-1 to Barcelona in Paris.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension.
Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured and David Luiz is also a fitness doubt.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own kit on the web.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
Professor Colleen Loo from the Black Dog Institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children.
The Queen, then aged 86, was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
But her sense of humour remains undiminished as she turns 89 today.
Darius the rabbit currently holds the record for being the world's biggest rabbit.
But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, is set to challenge him.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
It costs her £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
The Ivory Coast midfielder turns 32 next month.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Toure currently earns £220,000-per-week at Manchester City.
Scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik.
The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows.
The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster.
Sutcliffe says he knew chairman Stafford Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Leila Alavi was found stabbed to death in a car park in Sydney's west.
The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
Ms Alavi had moved to Australia from Iran and was studying at Granville TAFE for her future.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra.
Police allege that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on Ms Alavi.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target.
Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town are also interested.
Leah Williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn England a 2-2 draw against Norway.
Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend.
But instead of ordering her back to the spot, she awarded a free-kick to Norway.
Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began.
The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station.
Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
The resort boasts a fine-dining restaurant, and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park.
Couples can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice, and enjoy a classy breakfast.
Exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds.
They said it would ‘make content more contemporary’
Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Memphis Depay jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great'
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People.
The due date is November first, their wedding anniversary.
Jessa's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the Duggars.
Anna, who is married to eldest Duggar Josh, is pregnant with the couple's fourth child, a baby girl due in July.
Labour leader will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration.
He will say: 'We will deal with people's concerns because we have listened'
But shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
He then begins singing along himself – loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year.
It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Pacquiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here.
Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' former fashion designer lover Nikki Lund.
The 55-year-old is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19.
His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA.
The former England captain may come up against Anton Ferdinand's brother Rio.
Gary Cahill has backed Terry to shrug off a hostile reception.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby drew 4-4 with Huddersfield.
Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul Ince was in the stands.
Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in thrilling game.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in overtime.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 for Pacers.
Los Angeles Clippers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 in final regular season game.
Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure seventh seed.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic.
It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background.
Cell phone footage recorded by a mom in Jacksonville, Florida, on Tuesday shows a 28-year-old man, Dan Frank, throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle.
When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car, she told Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
Frank is helping police who are investigating the case as misdemeanor criminal mischief and his attorney says there is more to the case than simply the video footage.
The key to maintaining a healthy weight is finding a middle ground between what you eat and the amount of exercise you put in.
With Easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session.
Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules.
Missie Smile, known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman'
The 'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup.
The Chilean scored twice in the semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Jimmy Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Rory McIlroy could become sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
McIlroy's Ryder Cup coach Paul McGinley says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport.
Ginley will be watching his former charges at the Masters closely as a pundit for Sky Sports.
John O'Sullivan is ineligible to play in Blackburn's FA Cup fifth round replay.
The 21-year-old midfielder was on loan at League One Barnsley.
Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use him.
O'Sullivan will be available to play if Blackburn reach the semi-finals.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has benefited from competition for places.
David Ospina signed for £3.2m from Nice last summer.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman believes Szczedny can be a better goalkeeper.
Man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the man who was later taken to hospital.
Witnesses told of their shock after witnessing the accident, which happened shortly before 9am today.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed.
The incident left him unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
Jamie Anderson said CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
The iconic children's classic aired in the UK between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch.
Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.
He keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
The Information Commissioner's Office registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them.
One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to Alex, Daniel had erected a series of signs.
Together they read:'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
Mayor Enrique Maya said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
It meant the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
A CT scan proved Ava had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old.
In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull.
The complex operation took nine hours, and Ava was in a lot of pain in the days that followed.
Seven months after her surgery Ava
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips.
They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
She gave birth in her mom's bed and did not take the baby to the hospital.
The baby was taken to hospital and is now doing well.
Jamie Carragher watched his son play for the Liverpool U12s in Girona.
Carragher flew out to watch James play in the Mediterranean International Cup.
The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries.
Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his car in a side street on his way to the race.
But when he finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it.
He spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the route.
Mr Matthews eventually gave up and got a train back to his home in the Midlands.
A Good Samaritan gave up his day off to join the search and found it safe and sound.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was lured to an upmarket street in London.
He was lured on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work.
But when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat.
Killer was put off when the imam took his teenage son along and claimed he could not find the keys to the house.
Facebook CEO and co-founder, Mark Zuckerberg, opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Users will be able to put on a VR headset and explore a location of their choosing.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the District of Columbia, representing about 83 percent of the nation's births that year.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open causing cash to spill.
Police have warned anyone caught with the cash will be prosecuted.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
The 58-year-old is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine.
Her friend Andrew Chan is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners.
Sandiford, from Cheltenham, has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
She was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony.
He sent Metropolitan Police officers to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists.
The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales and the Free Wales Army.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered.
The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor in Hefei, eastern China.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Researchers hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and Jean, 17, drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
The boys had recently moved to Miami to live with their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami.
They were enrolled at private schools when they moved to the U.S.
Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first.
His father told Global News he 'could tell' Jean was into drugs.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market in Poole, Dorset.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom - and both have indoor swimming pools, balconies, lifts to all floors and direct beach access.
Property agent Tom Doyle said the homes would be perfect for a couple who like their independence.
The homes have been built on a 3,000sqm plot, which was
Prime Minister warns voters they have '11 days to save Britain'
Says Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed'
But Lib Dem Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire'
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is neck and neck.
Connacht lost 14-7 to Gloucester in the Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.
The former All Blacks star was led away to a police van.
Muliaina has made 11 appearances for the Irish province so far.
Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Jose Mourinho's side have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004.
Porto received 55.6 per cent of the transfer market in April 2015.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg and got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war.
Her adoptive father shared a detail from the night she was born which prompted her to dig further into her family history.
A petition to have a baby elephant freed has received 50,627 signatures.
The campaign was started by Jaime Singleton, who saw the elephant tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort.
Elephants are forced to pose for pictures and be ridden by guests at the resort, and others across Thailand.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
He will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region, notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed.
They suggest Russia is prepared to respond with force to the build up of Nato defence forces in the Baltic and by carrying out a wave of cyber attacks that can not be traced back to Moscow.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash with Harry Kane.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Nico Rosberg finished second in Shanghai.
Hamilton was absolved of any blame by Mercedes boss Toto Wolff.
Rosberg said Hamilton was'selfish' following their one-two finish.
Rita Ora, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals.
She has created a range that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself.
The singer, who also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel, couldn't be happier with the result.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday night.
Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox said Lerner was delighted by the win.
Fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club.
Michael Thorpe was convicted of illegally showing Premier League games.
He says he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system.
Tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's Sky at Night in 1957.
Queen Letizia welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to Casa Real.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen.
Letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in just two days.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded.
Organisers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida.
Event did not break the world record because they missed deadline to apply.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies are eight points above the Premier League relegation zone.
Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance.
Today, as he begins a tour of all four nations of the UK, David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from Miliband government.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested with eight relatives in Turkey earlier this month.
He is understood to be returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman tonight.
The majority of the family flew to Turkey on March 27 from Manchester Airport.
They are accused of having plans to try and sneak across the border into Syria.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains.
He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin.
The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising.
In order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself.
Using items in his first aid kit, he used a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antiseptic.
Incredibly, ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely, leaving barely
The beer will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple.
There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops.
Xu bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, through a middleman.
Six months after Wang'married' into the family, Xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all.
Wife, known as Wang, was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant.
Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of eastern China.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
The great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers.
When asked the secret to long life, she said: 'I wonder about that too'
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
To control the condition Caitlin was given hypothermia.
It allowed the brain to cool down and minimise the damage from the lack of oxygen.
Thankfully, Caitlin, now 10 months old, recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play.
Her parents are hoping it will not have affected her ability to walk and talk.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to models' traditional model portfolio.
General Manager Paul Thomas says it's all about the elusive 'cool girl' appeal.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
He was rescued after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom.
Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March.
They had looked everywhere - even hanging up notices in surrounding streets.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
He received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole, if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime, in 2033.
Some Etihad fans will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch City.
The club say the change is due to upgrades which have come in.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have slumped to fourth this season.
Richard Henyekane was killed in a car crash early Tuesday.
The 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle.
Henyekanes made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks.
The findings are part of a series of scientific results obtained by scientists analyzing data collected by the Philae lander and its mothership Rosetta.
Inside Abbey Road is a new web app that takes users on an interactive tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
Google has stepped in to showcase as much of this history to the public as possible, in a range of ways.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
Executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' in 2011 because it had no black or Asian characters.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65.
Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, has been busy writing advice.
The former supermarket security guard has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker.
Hussain, from Raqqa, Syria, first appeared in a ISIS propaganda video urging the West to send troops to fight ISIS, vowing 'we'll send them back one by one in coffins'
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
It's not the first time abuse allegations have surfaced at St Ignatius' College Riverview.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Aaron Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Police said Mitchell ran several red lights before driving into Mr Davis, and his co-worker, Brian Lee LaFrance, 28.
Mr Davis died at the scene and LaFrance was treated and released from hospital.
Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow.
If the weather holds out, SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the Atlantic Ocean.
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race.
But as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them.
The cyclists are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing.
Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct.
She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Officers from Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.
But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes.
Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014, with 4,101 homes hit.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in Tijuana.
They arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border.
The 66ft deep route was wired with lights and ventilation.
Soldiers had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola says his team's injury situation is 'critical, very critical'
Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government.
The 41-year-old was investigated over claims she accepted bribes worth £1.3m.
She was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister Ion Ariton.
Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record.
Leandro Marin headed the Argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute.
Jonatan Calleri sealed all three points in the 11th minute of time added on.
Boca will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16.
Duchess of Cambridge has worn Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS.
The mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours.
Kate is also a huge fan of a small Anglo-French label called Séraphine.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon at the Glen Cove LIRR station outside of New York City.
She said: 'I was waiting for my commuter train into NYC and I was just absolutely blown away by it'
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to star in new comedy show, Newzoids.
Dolls will be joined by Prince Harry and a roster of celebrities.
Show has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image.
Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Rangers despite losing heavily to Queen of the South.
The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
Her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the cancer sooner.
The Sydney mother's baby died in utero three days after she was offered a
Inter held to goalless draw by Inter in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Juan Jesus' momentary blip saw him almost turn Jeremy Menez's cross into his own net.
Gary Medel was almost caught on the ball by Mauro Icardi.
Tiger Woods showed up to the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Vonn was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton.
Woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support, as he has dropped out of the Top 100 ranking.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton.
The 26-year-old won't be available for the rest of the season.
Carroll has been plagued with injuries since joining the club.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she went into labour.
Her partner Jordan Jackson, 21, is due to report back for service tomorrow.
Couple have been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
The Arsenal striker became France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins.
Thierry Henry, Emmanuel Petit, Sylvain Wiltord, Robert Pires and Samir Nasri have all won the award.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with pet cat Kimchi in Puss Puss.
Fussy cat loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'
She also recently added a new addition to her cat family, Ponzu.
Kimchi is called Kimchi because of her love of Korean food.
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
Delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller have known each other for some time, but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy.
Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over her daughter, 17-month-old Rowyn.
Incredibly though, Brynn forgave Cassie for what happened, acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident.
The women now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in Washington.
Letter sent to family of James Moody, 24, who died on board Titanic.
White Star Lines bosses demand £20 - equivalent to £2,000 in today's money.
They say it will be family's job to pay for him to be transported to morgue.
Mr Moody was on watch when ship struck iceberg and later helped passengers into lifeboats.
He was last seen shortly before 2.20am, when boat slipped under.
Letter has come to light after being listed for auction by collector.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Taking to the witness box to give evidence at London's Southwark Crown Court today, Mee firmly denied the allegations.
He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar.
Grant Shapps accused of deleting embarrassing references from his own page.
He has denied the claims, describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign'
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as ‘Contribsx’, after finding evidence it said suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday morning.
Chiles III was suspected of killing Archie Brown Jr, 40, and Rasheed Chiles, 15, at the scene of a car accident on Sunday evening.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van.
Damani's brother, Rasheed, was also struck by the gunfire and later died at a hospital.
Police believe
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
Only one juror, Rosalie Oliver, didn't know of the tight end who had a $40million contract with the local NFL team.
Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda.
Miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford.
The 30-year-old has started Brazil's last eight matches.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's training ground methods are superior to previous management's.
The Ibrox winger is full of praise for the impact McCall has made.
Templeton says he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
It was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions.
Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. However, first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow.
Seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are going up for auction at Nate D. Sanders on April 30.
They include a jumper and matching shorts set worn by Debbie Turner as Marta, two lederhosen-style outfits with straps worn by either Duane Chase as Kurt or Nicholas Hammond as Friedrich.
Jennifer Lawrence's outfits from one of her earliest films, The Burning Plain, are being sold on the auctioneer's website.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Benedict Cumberbatch, Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
The ceiling height would be 9.5ft, and the room measures some 300 sq ft — just over twice the size of the average British living room.
George Clooney, who has recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal on an island in the Thames in Sonning, Berkshire, is also
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m.
Pacquiao's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of £1.5m.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out.
Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24.
Brad Pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
His Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective.
In one case, a house had rotted so badly it had mushrooms growing from it.
A spokesman for Pitt could not be reached for comment last night.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, was friends with Robert Durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Schuler said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, uploaded video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car.
The video shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before lurching forward, pulling James's tooth clean out.
James had been asking him for days to perform the DIY removal before he finally gave in, saying: 'Boys will be boys'
Since it was first posted four days ago, the video has gone viral, attracting more than 3million views and has been reposted across the
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
It is speculation he wants to dodge Labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election.
Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at.
Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider the case closed.
Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
She is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., who died of a heart attack in 2012.
A photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny.
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
LeBron James says drills at the dentist are the sort of thing NBA stars should expect come this stage of the season.
The 11-time All Star led his Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday.
James delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell.
She was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming.
A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee.
Ms Flynn was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to secure promotion to League Two.
Martin Allen's side will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
Allen's on-off relationship with Barnet could see him leave the club for a fourth time.
Kenneth Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing on a motorcycle.
Stancil was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday.
At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He denies deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
Pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all, including three alleged murders.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Shanghai Grand Prix.
The Briton finished 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Valtteri Bottas leads the way until Hamilton posts a 1:36.423.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Costa aggravated the problem in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Spain striker was already certain to miss the games against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed.
He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest during the first half of Bolton's FA Cup quarter-final against Tottenham in 2012.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday.
Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack.
Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Ian Botham.
Anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose' says his old county captain Warren Hegg.
England's best bowler has always been at his best when others have left him alone.
Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
Kahn revealed he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
It proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why Scott ran.
The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines.
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
Figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van.
He is blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver.
His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama in Syria.
Follows a video released by ISIS which warns 'America will burn'
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by the Duke of Westminster.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed there.
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to shake the Monaco coach's hand.
Monaco beat Arsenal 3-1 in the second round of the Champions League.
Jardim claimed Wenger was 'disrespectul' in the first leg.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, to be exact.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual advances by six women.
He has denied the accusations and said women love him so much he wouldn't need to rape them to get sex.
His wife, Rajashree, no longer practises and says she no longer looks at him.
Since 2013, six women have stepped forward to accuse him of unwanted sexual advances.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts.
Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused.
Jones believes the mishap cost him the fight as he kept thinking, 'Man, my cell phone just fell out in the ring – and on TV!'
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors.
Kenneth Ward, 67, was jailed for five years in 2011 after exposing himself.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward has now been released and has successfully appealed to have restraining order overturned.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG.
Seven female students were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman.
They all believed they were in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state.
But they were being duped by a woman named Kayla in Texas.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves.
Mayweather is a big fan of the Brad Pitt film Troy with Brad Pitt.
Pacquiao has met with President Obama, President Clinton and Prince Harry.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, study finds.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, research claims.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge after leaving Durban yesterday.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xen
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Steve Heighway predicted the midfielder would be a success.
Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old.
Heighway described Gerrard as 'outstanding' after seeing him play at 12.
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and seized video evidence of the careless act.
They have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
He claims to have helped Stefani get into shape before her 2009 U.S tour.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill after the attack.
Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack in March.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life.
Witnesses said the family, who ran a transport company, had always been 'invisible' until the shooting took place.
AC Milan have slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from husband Michael.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1m.
Ms Mone will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in Lanarkshire.
In 2010, she was at centre of row with neighbours over plans to add sauna, gym and bar to home.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court charged with murder.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged.
Miss Buckley went missing following a night out at a nightclub in Glasgow.
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of the city earlier this week.
Pataeau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham.
The midfielder has twice beaten testicular cancer.
Gutierrez will not be offered a new deal by the Magpies.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is keen to sell the club.
Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
The Baggies are currently 13th in the Premier League.
More than 1,200 people were arrested during a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Gang of four used angle grinder to try and break into cashpoint in Kenilworth.
They spent eight minutes trying to access vault before speeding off in stolen Audi.
Police tracked them as they tore up northbound carriageway of M42 in stolen car.
Gang caused £20,000 worth of damage as they tried to hack into ATM.
Driver Dean Beech, 37, was found hiding in dense bushes close to flat.
He was jailed for 12 years and two months for conspiracy to commit robbery.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
She suddenly collapsed and doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her life-saving CPR.
The teen then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Her mother Denise Bennett is now trying to find the officers who saved her daughter's life.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season.
Arsene Wenger's side were heavily criticised after throwing away the title.
But they have the same record as they did at this stage last year.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have same record.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Jermain Defoe scored his third goal for the Black Cats.
The 32-year-old striker looked overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf.
Michael Maggio admitted posting comments that were racist, sexist and offensive.
He revealed details of Charlize Theron's adoption two months before she announced it publically.
Maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks on Instagram.
Singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit.
She said that she felt beautiful in her dress.
Didier Drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season.
The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving in 2012.
But the Blues legend's future remains unclear with the club still to offer him a new contract.
Drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at Chelsea or not.
The house was built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side have won seven on the spin in the Premier League.
The Gunners have not conceded more than once in the league since New Year's Day.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Heston Blumenthal's Fat Duck named eighth best restaurant in the world.
His London eatery Dinner by Heston Blumenthal also made it into top 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retained its crown for fourth year running.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Ms Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, stopped to photograph the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches.
But it ran straight for the road instead before running into the side of their van.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
More than Washington-area customers - including government offices - had reported outages, Pepco said.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Mr Pulver also offered his support to Mr Tooth's family, friends, club and teammates.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
Professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
But crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them.
Mr Miliband said Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks.
68 Labour MPs have also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in the last two years.
Man, who has not been identified, shot himself dead at Universal Studios.
Police revealed it was not the first time he had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car.
But despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted at 2.15pm near the water slides.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15.
One woman told Southwark Crown Court that she saw him as a father figure.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one rape.
The Girl In The Spider's Web is being written on computers with no internet connection.
It will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy.
The 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist.
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night.
The $500million observation wheel was designed by Perkins Eastman and EEK Architects, and is being built by Starneth BV, the Dutch company which erected the London Eye.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents.
They were told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early.
Couple said they became 'used' to the heartbreak of miscarriages after losing ten.
Tony McCoy won 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby in 2013.
McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester than any course in Britain.
He outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish has not been fined over the incident and will be in Villa’s squad for the trip to Manchester City.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder.
The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
Stevens will race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., also hugged the man and said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Officer Michael Slager, 33, was charged with Scott's murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty.
Paula Radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career.
The former World Champion says she has done enough crying.
Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon.
The glamorous collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
Johnson's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection, which was created in under one month.
The hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' world champion.
Evans is now ranked No 46 in the world.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Liverpool are set for a third trophyless season in Germany.
Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Anfield.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in October 2012.
The condition, which affects less than 1 per cent of people, left her unable to eat for a year and a half.
Her weight dropped from 110lbs to 80lbs when she was at her lightest.
The Yeatman is Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia.
It is separated from Porto by the Douro river, which spills into the Atlantic Ocean.
Guests can take advantage of the immaculate lobby, with a statue of Bacchus, the Roman god of wine.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011'
William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator, who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of would-be migrants.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit.
Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
The 23-year-old has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team.
Manor have had their teething problems since being rescued from administration.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her father.
She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him.
The next time the NASA employee was up in space, she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the International Space Station.
Her father took a picture of the image from space to show his daughter that her plan had worked.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest.
She says it takes more than simple eye contact to get someone's attention.
The simple act of blinking can also make someone aware of you.
Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat will want to keep Sunderland's record going.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to'stop digging' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Campaigners claim his account provides a clear link between VIP paedophile rings in London and Belfast.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini.
The French centre back started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final.
Neville said Mourinho would focus on 'destruction' before hoping to win by taking advantage of set-pieces.
Tony Blair Associates signed deal to sell theory of 'deliverology' to Colombia.
Contract includes requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America.
Blair last week defended earning money since leaving Downing Street.
But critics have questioned role of former PM working for other sovereign states.
William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight last September.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
Detectives from the homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace'
The parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts.
William's father choked back tears as he
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
Designer Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on Indiegogo.
The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor inside.
It is recharged by either removing the battery and recharging it at home, or with an optional electric-car-charging lead.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
He allegedly touched the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a Sydney rap concert.
The incident escalated when Hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off.
It was then the girl was successful in getting away from him.
Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times.
His first British winner was in Exeter in 1994, riding Chickabiddy to victory.
Jafar Adeli was caught by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey to Leicester.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, he was confronted by police.
Video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation.
She was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School.
The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year.
Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
Teenager has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Cadbury has snatched two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs.
The number has come down from 11g to 114g - the equivalent of two Fingers.
It is the latest evidence of how the nation's favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water.
Coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Dr Clare Balysz said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened.
She is calling for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before dumping body.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years.
Review concluded that 'the circumstances that led to MK's death could not have been predicted'
Labour leader insists he does not live in a'mansion' despite admitting it is worth 'between £2million and £3million'
Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk.
The Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth - as will Kate’s mother, Carole, to help with childcare and housekeeping.
Kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and The Mail on Sunday can reveal that the pilot Prince plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday.
Templeton insists he has no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to still be a Hearts player.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
But before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested by deputies.
His 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment with their model girlfriend.
They travel the world, from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Jay has 735,000 followers on tumblr and Alexis has 1.1million on Instagram.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 5-1 on aggregate in the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar has the blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.
Barcelona have a two-point lead in La Liga and only six games remain.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction during morning rush hour.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water, and paramedics were on hand.
At least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that either missed stops or terminated before their destination.
U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near Baltic Sea.
Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path, Pentagon claims.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Hayley Adams, 29, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56.
She was caught on camera taking cash from his coat and stealing £65.
Adams admitted to taking about £65, North Devon Magistrates' Court told.
But she escaped with a community order, restraining order and £175 fine.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match.
Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Young's peg in the dressing room.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its Terminal 3.
The tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics, which will be held in Tokyo.
In each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69.
Lincicombe's first LPGA tour victory since 2011.
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat.
The goalkeeper fumbled Alexis Sanchez's shot to give Arsenal victory.
Had Reading reached the final on May 30 it would have clashed with Australian Federici's wedding in Italy to long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner.
A source told The Sun: 'No one believes he did it deliberately. But I bet he is wishing he booked his wedding for the weekend after now'
Khadijah Dare's mother Victoria has issued a plea for her to return home.
The 22-year-old is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner.
Dare married a Swedish IS terrorist calling himself Abu Bakr almost as soon as she arrived in Lewisham, South London.
She is currently living in Syria and has reportedly been widowed.
Aqsa Mahmood, who calls herself Umm Layth, also appears on BBC2's Britain's Jihadi Brides.
No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday.
Anzac Day is the exception when it comes to public holidays.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick this Monday.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
Englishman fell outside the world's top 10 last month.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
Anna Weir took out the landscape category with her amazing photograph of waterlogged farm land.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
The 26-year-old was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
Johnson has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Paul Hartley's side are without a win in three matches themselves.
A planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.
The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses.
By late Tuesday evening, the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Scottish First Minister says Miliband 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'
She reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'
Comes after Miliband insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election.
But Ms Sturgeon said: 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast'
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
Premier League puts £168million into grassroots sport.
This represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals.
David Cameron is accused of not keeping his promises and getting tough.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's win over Sunderland.
Alan Pardew wants more than £20m for the winger to leave Selhurst Park.
Palace manager says his players will be difficult to take away.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy.
Simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree, Liverpool.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport.
Driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
There was no mention of any injuries to anyone else.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants.
The problem has been shared thousands of times online as people try to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday.
The on-loan Mexican striker had been criticised for his celebration.
Thierry Henry responded by posting an 84-minute video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Henry said Hernandez owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo.
Lewis Hamilton claimed pole position for the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel qualified third but could threaten Hamilton's supremacy with Ferrari.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home.
Despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself.
He argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
The four Swedes were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway.
They stopped a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.
One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor of the train.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game.
The Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday.
Manager Dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up.
Bendtner responded to the decision to drop him on Instagram.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday.
Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla has lived in Australia with her son since 2007.
She says it is the only place he knows, and he only knows English.
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Boro beat Wolves 2-1 on Tuesday night.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic Championship.
Karanka could well be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay should they join the West Londoners in the Premier League.
CJullian Fellowes to give insight into his inspiration for the period drama.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes and Private Eye editor Ian Hislop.
This year it boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and ‘living history’ re-enactments over seven days.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
National Grid is building a training line of six T-Pylons at their Eakring training academy in Nottinghamshire.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year.
They were born with a rare condition called diprosopus, which means they share the same body and organs but have separate brains and two faces.
Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope, but when parents Simon Howie and Renee Young arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'We were devastated and mortified. We've had a little shrine set up and we've been adding to it since the funeral,' Mr Howie said.
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday.
Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions.
Friends have posted on social media saying she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
In it he says he would be'sad' if she didn't spend the money on herself.
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court clutching hand of Filipino wife Herminia Garcia.
53-year-old was arrested after daughter Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death.
She was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally.
Mr Cousins was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged Blanca's birth had not been registered, but he has not been charged and is on bail.
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Washington.
Health officials have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic.
Virus has swept several states in America and California.
Officials are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say.
The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial.
He is the longest-serving UK resident in Guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release.
Obama appointed to speed up closure of notorious prison camp said there was 'no sound reason' for keeping him locked up any longer.
The Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow autonomous driving.
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
She says Dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly.
Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
Michael Owen captained the side which was relegated to the Championship in 2009.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
Study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday.
Former England ace admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
Robinson played a key role in England's 2003 World Cup win against Australia.
The 40-year-old says 'nothing will compare to winning the World Cup in Australia'
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse.
He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center where he was released Sunday night at bail.
Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match.
The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead.
O'Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour.
The President and First Lady attended the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll on the White House South Lawn on Monday morning.
Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine.
This year's theme is #GimmeFive, which is part of Mrs Obama's campaign to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives.
The Masters is one of few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months.
Jordan Spieth has been the star and if he wins from here, he would claim Texas’s 13th green jacket, more than any other US state.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night.
Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes.
Biso squeezed into hole in wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten.
But he soon became to big to escape and was unable to come out again.
Elderly man named Uncle Abdo fed him scraps of food every day.
He even came to feed Biso during the revolution in Egypt in 2011.
Sir John Major said SNP would use power in Westminster to foster divisions.
He said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP.
The former PM said she is threatening to break up UK without even 'bothering'
But Ms Sturgeon branded his comments 'an affront to democracy'
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough from Championship side Boro.
The 21-year-old scored one and made one in Boro's 2-1 win over Wolves.
Bamford has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters'
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in past two weeks.
Ukip deputy chair Suzanne Evans described situation as 'devastating tragedy'
EU leaders will meet in Brussels on Thursday to discuss 10-point plan.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
Blackpool boss Lee Clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of Birmingham.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years.
Global Conservation Group launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
Deacon Ken Bilgrien said the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual Roundup.
A French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
Both images are judged independently by people on the street - who guess vastly different ages.
Louis van Gaal was pictured with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan.
She later deleted the post and issued an apology on Facebook.
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars.
Van Gaal described humiliating City as the 'best feeling' he had since moving to Old Trafford.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
The 61-year-old was told she only had nine months to three years to live.
She lost her battle to cancer last Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home.
Four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger.
They have launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored Liverpool's winner with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a last-gasp equaliser saved by Simon Mignolet.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour.
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a drinking problem.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out.
Report published this week found binge drinking costs the British economy £4.9bn every year.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent her final sex change operation last week.
She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early.
The former boxing promoter was due to have her final surgery in January.
Now she faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent.
Thief scaled a two-storey antiques market before squeezing down a narrow shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor 'like a snake' to avoid triggering infrared security beams.
The eight-minute raid took place at the Vintage Watch Store in Hampstead, north London, on Saturday at about 9pm.
Among the haul was an 18 carat gold Goliath 8-Day Swedish royal presentation wedding pocket watch made in 1910 worth £12,500.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth.
While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife.
A University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
Renting in the capital soared to an average of more than £1,100 per month.
The young woman says that she used it as a last resort after conventional means of work failed to support her.
She says that her biggest worry is about being arrested because if I get a criminal record it would stay with me for life.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old was understood to have held a meeting in Manchester as he nears his £25m move with Louis van Gaal.
Depay has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She is the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life.
In these Instagram snaps Alice shows off toned arms, something she said she had previously struggled with.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years.
Manuel Pellegrini's side trailed at the interval against Crystal Palace on Monday night.
The last time City won having been in a losing position  was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2.
Keith Curle, Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh scored the goals for City.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation.
Sir Andrew Motion, now president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England, accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend.
The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car.
Paramedics arrived on the scene 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition.
She was listed in critical but stable condition suffering from injuries to her legs and bruising.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill.
Instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS)
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Last season Chelsea were seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
But Mourinho is being over-cautious, making sure they secure the title they let slip last season.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
The couple are said to be'soulmates' and certainly seemed to be very much in love as they stepped out into the sunshine.
Andrea Catherwood stayed at the Hotel Arts, a modern masterpiece of the city.
It's a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel, towering over the beaches and Port Olimpic.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish, El Peix d'Or.
Queens Park Rangers beat Chelsea 2-1 at Loftus Road.
Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 87th minute.
Thibaut Courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Harvey Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
But a recorded conversation between Weinstein and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
He has been married to his second wife, 38-year-old fashion designer Georgina Chapman, since 2007.
Jared McCarroll head chef at M Restaurant and Grill says the best way to cook the perfect steak is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first.
He advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal.
The best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet and forced to sleep on the floor.
A 17-year-old boy and a 12 year-old girl were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment.
The conditions emerged when the older child ran away from home last month and started living on the street.
Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the first leg on Wednesday night.
Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
Manchester United won the Champions League in 2008 when English clubs were dominating the latter stages.
Shanice Farier, 22, stole £15,000 from her employer, Kanoo Travel in Derby.
She earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father.
But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, Derby Crown Court heard.
Judge John Burgess ordered her to do 240 hours of unpaid work.
He said: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
England dominated against a modest St Kitts & Nevis XI.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets each for 10 runs.
Ben Stokes was impressed with his team-mates' performances.
System will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors.
These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
It is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
Proposed area to introduce it is along the land border between Gaza and Israel.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare during the game.
Referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City.
The 26-year-old has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa.
Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent soon.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout has slammed the restaurant for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women.
The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January.
The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Spanish giants.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wave length to his Castilla team-mates.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Julian Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast.
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in Downton, and Lily James, who stars in the new Disney cinema hit Cinderella, would be ideal as Mary.
Zachary Davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.
Davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome images of the crime scene as his trial began on Monday.
In testimony given to the court by Major Don Linzy, Chief
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Virgil van Dijk scored the only goal of the game for the Hoops.
Ronny Deila had targeted the treble in his first season.
But that dream ended in controversial fashion.
Van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title.
Brian O'Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
Saracens are the only English team left in this weekend's Champions Cup semi-finals.
Ireland legend believes domestic game needs to readdress the balance.
High school girls in China are put through their paces with military-style dagger drills.
Each of the girls shout the words 'kill, stab, slash and jab' as they perform each of the eight set movements.
The girls, aged between 16 and 18, are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the WBC super-middleweight title.
George Groves will fight Jack for the title as he is mandatory challenger.
Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014.
Survey by Matalan for its Made for Modern Families campaign.
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member.
Above in-laws (21 per cent) but below grandparents at 26 per cent.
More than one in 10 British families now live in 'blended' families.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test.
Captain Alastair Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring.
Ian Bell looked in fluent touch as he was unbeaten on 43.
Colin Farrell, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He has been linked with a string of the world's most famous beauties.
Angelina Jolie, Demi Moore, Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor are all linked to him.
The Irish actor is set to star in the second series of True Detective.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test.
He recovered quicker than expected form a rib injury in the World Cup.
The wicketkeeper struggled with the short delivery against Sri Lanka and India.
Moeens says he is ready to take on Australia's two left-arm Mitchells.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
The 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal of France 6-3 6-2 in Casablanca Open qualifying.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, charged with terror offences.
Arrested on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under Terrorism Act 2006.
He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Mrs Shute announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically.
Dawn Milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle.
The woman pulled from the wreck had to be hooked up to a defibrillator at the scene and CPR was administered.
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.
He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
The search engine revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage, which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around.
China has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea.
Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions'
But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
New satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands - an area which many other nations claim.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Mario Balotelli received the most abuse, with Danny Welbeck receiving 1,700.
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge received 1,600, more than 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation.
London generated the highest volume of discriminatory posts by far, with 26,433 recorded during this campaign.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion.
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old.
Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Teasers for the ITV programme start tonight at 9pm.
The show plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days.
Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers.
Mr Perkins, who was first elected MP in 2010, is defending a narrow majority of just 500 votes over the Lib Dems in Chesterfield.
Amanda Knox, 27, was convicted of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher, in Perugia, Italy.
She spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were exonerated in March.
Her biographer, Douglas Preston, claims that Knox is suffering from PTSD and seeking professional help.
Preston says that Knox and her family have spent millions fighting her conviction.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January.
The 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday.
His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on BBC's Crimewatch.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that makes it hard for her to socialize.
Her parents had sent out invitations to her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So Mackenzie's mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls her age to stop by their family home.
She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event titled, 'MACKenzie's Birthday Party'
The party was moved to a local park
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
The video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through Spectral Edge's Eyeteq image enhancement technology.
Manchester City host United at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Sunday.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour.
Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match was chosen for a 5.30pm start.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car.
He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene in Melbourne's southwest.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
No one has been arrested over the shooting.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He said Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation.
The former head of the Crown Prosecution Service said children are'manipulated' by Islamists.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault at Maidstone Crown Court.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner didn't attend Wembley on Sunday.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Ben Stokes gave Marlon Samuels a salute in the second Test.
The West Indian gave Stokes a military-style salute on his way.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to Joe Root's 118.
Samuels got 103 in the first innings while Stokes took 103.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft.
The driver, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ‘buy another one tomorrow’
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington, Delaware.
One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act.
Wheeler was fired from his $3700,000-a-year job at Tower Hill School in Delaware, which earned nearly $370,000 a year in the position.
He was sentenced by Superior Court Judge Eric M. Davis on Friday, the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in December.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle.
Each day Xie carries Zhang from their rooms to the school, and back again, and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
As stunt took a bizarre twist, Farage hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday.
She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency.
Pisaki is scheduled to give birth to identical twin boys in May, just as her husband, Brian, plans to start as press secretary for Hillary Rodham Clinton's impending presidential campaign.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month.
The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
Bradey has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper'
Police searched his home and found blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
This raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used their bony protrusions to attract a mate.
The research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades.
A pair of turkey-sized ‘egg thief lizards’ dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity.
Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash.
US Department of the Treasury officials insist the $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down.
They argued that Joan Langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003.
Langbord's father, jeweler Israel Switt, had dealings with the Mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government and returned the coins to the Langbords.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars.
He was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Martin Grant will redesign the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
The fashion designer will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
Mr Grant will take inspiration from historical uniforms, which have evolved considerably since the 1930s.
In the 1950s pilots wore nautical-style jackets and trouser with white caps.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players.
He guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
Maradona has undergone gastric bypass surgery since retiring from football.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium.
Brighton's Kazenga LuaLua equalised just moments later.
Derbyshire's early finish proved to be the difference between the two teams.
Liverpool face West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
The Reds lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson are back in training ahead of the game.
Adrien Broner urges Amir Khan to make their fight happen on FaceTime.
Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December.
British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
She struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says 'Give me your hands, you're not going out like this today'
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week.
United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Man City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Edmond, who was the personal trainer on ITV's The Biggest Loser, rolled the barrel for 12 hours a day.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 aged 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Astle scored the winner against Everton in the FA Cup final.
Wolves striker Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to keep promotion hopes alive.
Richard Stearman's own goal cancelled out a 21st-minute own goal from Afobe.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start and got that through quick striker Nouha Dicko.
Dicko had been left out of the starting line-up for the previous game at Middlesbrough.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
Perino said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
She said it was like Bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish, to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could'
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
Doaa and Umm were smuggled from Raqqa to southern Turkey earlier this year.
Pair said they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules.
They were paid around £70 a month by the brutal al-Khansa Brigade in Syria.
Now they are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who follow them.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year, 17 more than any other Hull defender.
Leonardo Ulloa didn't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive to avoid dropping down a league.
Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Manchester City will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season.
Premier League title holders give star players incentivised contracts.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
Everton boss Roberto Martinez said his side were better in every department than their opponents.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
He studied the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of Valeyrian steel.
The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state the club are currently in.
Former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club’s fans.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash.
Harry Kane could be available for the European Under 21 Championship.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision.
Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club's PR strategy.
Princess Beatrice was seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker.
She was in the Gulf state, ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists.
Beatrice's father the Duke of York has been nicknamed Air Miles Andy.
The famous Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits.
The temple has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go.
The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
Getafe drew level with a Diego Castro header after 64 minutes.
Villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions.
Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan.
The pair met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan won two silver Olympic medals.
Sullivan proposed to Bass beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto.
He said he had planned to pop the question on that trip, but not until a few days later.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team.
Less than 11% of men opted for team payment, in comparison to 44% of women.
These individuals tend to be far less common in women's sport, they said.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is humiliated by her husband she married in 2007, and is someone who has 'loved Harry through his charms and flaws,' a source said.
Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office.
He has publicly denied the incident occurred.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash in Gardena, California.
Police say the key to tracking down the suspect was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car.
CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - was the way police were able to track Ikeler down, after a neighbor saw it on the news.
The little girl was found alone and naked in a parking lot at Jim's Burgers, 13
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch the new Puma boot.
The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German.
Puma are releasing the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic, which took inspiration from the Japanese dragon.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
Some of the women appear to struggle with the cumbersome weapons.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
The first two of the three fights between the Sugar Man and Hands of Stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing.
Ray Leonard, Roberto Duran, Thomas Hearns and Marvin Hagler engaging each other in some of the ring’s epic battles.
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive.
It exports all of your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Tony Abbott's government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach Australia.
He said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night.
Mr Abbott won power in 2013 on a'stop the boats' pledge and not a single one has breached his ring of steel in 18 months.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes have joined the appeals calling for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death.
The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast.
Tsarnaev's defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his extreme older brother Tamerlan.
Tamerlan died a few days after the bombing in a shootout with police.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 by Jerome Taylor in the second innings.
Michael Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed.
Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year.
Bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had flesh cut from them.
Researchers found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade.
His hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital.
Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana.
Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
As he is a minor, DailyMail.com will not identify the little boy.
Ashya King, 5, had surgery to remove tumour in Southampton last July.
His parents took him to Spain for proton beam therapy, but doctors said it was not needed.
They fled to Spain where they were arrested then released after High Court approved their plan to take Ashya to Prague.
The King family have said they want Ashya, who is in remission, to receive the best possible treatment.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
The city centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family have fled their home in Montabaur.
They are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash.
The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return.
A friend of the distraught family said: 'The hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
Joshua Corbett, 39, appeared in court today for a preliminary hearing for stalking and breaking into Sandra Bullock's home last June.
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
'I'm in my closet. I have a safe door,' Bullock told the dispatcher.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons.
Lady Hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave guide dog outside.
Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog, the employee allegedly insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, was shocked to discover her cover images for Span.
Mother-of-two from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was 17 at the time.
She was modelling for vintage lads mag in 1955.
Dunn went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn.
Hillary Clinton's security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
While the original van – the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals for the first time in his career.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon'
Benzema also scored twice as Real Madrid closed gap to Barca.
Nakhi Wells gave Huddersfield the lead in the 12th minute.
James Vaughan doubled the lead for the home side.
Mick McCarthy's side have now lost four of their last five away games.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
It was combined with tax and real estate data in a paper published by the Commerce Department.
Land in large urban areas was the most valuable, with cities of more than 1million people worth $64,844 per acre.
Wyoming, with $1,560 per acre, is the cheapest place in the country to buy land.
Bishops in the USA have slammed Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view'
Comes after clergy in the UK tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
The former Tottenham and Hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons'
Moniz has six games to save his new side from relegation to League Two.
Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
There is no mount for McCoy in the feature Bet365 Gold Cup.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen to extend his lead in the championship.
Charlie Adam's stunning 66-yard strike will go down in Premier League history.
Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half.
He belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line.
Adam later said: 'I never knew I had that much power, to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special'
The strike has now been registered as the 'longest goal scored in football' in the latest edition of the famous book of records.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
It's 18 months since Jordan Spieth attracted criticism for quitting university.
The 21-year-old has since risen to number four in the world.
Tony Pulis returns to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
West Brom are seven points above the bottom three.
Pulis has never finished higher than 11th in the Premier League.
Alan Pardew has a top-five finish at Newcastle United on his cv.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances.
Stuart McCall fulfills promise of fielding more academy players.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
St Mary’s Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery.
Two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
The driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman.
He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, died on the way to hospital.
Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Drive eO is developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in June.
The vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on a 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors.
It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Bollaert's lawyer had claimed at trial that the business was gross and offensive, but he didn't break the law by allowing others to post the explicit material.
Natasha Hope-Simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space.
Jameela Jamil, 29, thought she had lupus, an auto-immune condition.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
She spent £3,000 on having them all removed and replaced with white fillings.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg) and 7st 8lbs (48kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Zinedine Zidane says Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
Zidane only tied the Belgian down to a new five-year deal in February.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty, 35.
The couple had been seeing each other for three years, but Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her.
Ms Patty claims she was not with another man, but out with friends.
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat.
It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
The adapted seat is larger than usual seats, and makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem.
The 24-year-old lock is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester.
Launchbury's potential return would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Daniel Sturridge was left in stitches after hearing Darren Farley's impression.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars.
Sturridge is a major doubt to feature in the game with Villa.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley.
Second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather.
Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana.
Weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under.
Calvin Harris is the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100.
Last year alone he earned £45 million, making him comfortably the best paid DJ on the planet.
The Scot stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia.
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the 'Martingale betting strategy'
The game was still illegal in some Australian states and territories up until 10 years ago.
Kathmandu Durbar Square, at the heart of the capital, is full of temples and historic houses with their distinctive roofs.
The Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years of standing.
In Patan, a temple had its tower broken in half, while the square was strewn with bricks.
More than 2,500 people died as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below.
Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday.
She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
Igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity.
Photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter.
But not herself as she doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy'
With the mid-season sale now on, we tried a selection of their latest outfits to see whether this Boden sceptic could be persuaded.
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' said Oz.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand'
A fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel in Grafton.
Nick Weller said he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 to a temporary nurse.
The figure equates to £183 an hour and is double the rate for a neurologist.
It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year.
Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
He said: 'I am not one of those politicians who says they 'get' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'
Under Labour, for years, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers.
With the Conservatives, two-thirds of our job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday.
The woman insulted the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists'
The couple were in Sydney for just a day when they were attacked.
Police sources said a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Mr Batthi said he will be preparing a statement for Queensland police so charges can be pressed as soon as the woman is identified.
Brittney Griner and Glory Johnson were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon.
The 24-year-olds were released from Goodyear, Arizona, jail on Thursday.
Griner and Johnson are expected to wed next month.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an investigation into a shooting in Troy.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children.
The 39-year-old worried that her size was causing her to look like a man.
Went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Paul the Apostle converted to Christianity after seeing a bright light.
He was blinded for three days and heard a divine voice or sound.
His vision apparently led him to become one of the most influential figures in Christianity.
But now astronomers believe it may have been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago.
They say descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four.
He was shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces.
The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City last summer.
The defender has only made 16 appearances for City this season.
Sagna says he would make the same decision if faced with a similar decision.
City are fourth in the Premier League, with Arsenal second.
German language teacher said tanks should be used to invade France again.
She also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record.
The Frenchwoman has been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college.
Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher.
Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
He claims Britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised Victorian era.
But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Jenson Button's McLaren broke down in practice on Friday.
The McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine.
Button was forced to stop out on track as a safety precaution.
He finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa.
It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
The news comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike.
He compared the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of ex-leaders to advise governments.
He said: 'Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt.
Tory MP Andrew Bridgen branded Blair a'megalomaniac' for his Newsweek remarks.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Michael Carrick.
The Dutchman has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term replacement.
Dortmund midfielder Gundogan has been watched extensively by United.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries.
It is England's first title since the Wellington Sevens in February 2013.
The 22 points move them onto 100 and ahead of Australia in the series.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
He and a friend were fishing on the Wisconsin side of the river when they heard three teenagers being loud and rude.
They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours.
The suspect, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
Kelly and his wife Christie have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which Perry brought along her husband Bill, who sits on the county Board of Education.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop.
Romero is yet to make his senior debut for Velez but has trained regularly with the first team.
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version.
How do they stack up against the original?
All three main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
The first print ad shows images of various female American Apparel employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print.
'Hello Ladies' is emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head.
At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The 22-year-old has scored 12 more since joining Wolves on a permanent deal.
Afobe is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
Coney said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review.
Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on.
The Bayern Munich midfielder loses his balance and the ball flies off.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park.
He crept up towards the lion armed only with a camera.
Mr Saeed managed to capture a couple of frames before retreating to safety.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer.
She allegedly squirted her breast milk at a female officer during a strip search.
The mother of three has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related.
She pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change ofcircumstances.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid.
The 27-year-old will probably stay for another year but there will be no shortage of suitors for the Spaniard.
Iker Casillas doesn’t want to leave but if Real Madrid sign David de Gea he may be more tempted.
Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona.
Fabio Coentrao remains one of the biggest mysteries of Real Madrid’s transfer policy in recent years.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
His aim is to'show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment around us'
Jack Wilshere is being courted by Manchester City.
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal are not in a position to sell their best players.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection.
Laurent Koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years.
He found 'large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer.
He was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
Benitez made a number of derogatory comments about the club.
Chelsea finished 6th in the Premier League in 2011/12.
Latika Bourke grew up in Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney, with her seven siblings.
She was adopted from India along with two of her siblings and moved to India when she was eight months old.
Latika watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents didn't take her in their arms.
On her first visit to India she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby.
The nuns kept a book with a handwritten record of the day she arrived and then when
A study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
The chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Even the smallest amount of lead can affect a child's ability to learn.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria.
It supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director.
Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
Comes after Home Secretary implemented rule allowing PCCs to commission services for victims of crime.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday.
He was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace.
Hassan Anyabwile, 53, was brought in to replace him at the An-Noor mosque.
Mr Anybwile is named in a report on an attempted coup d'état in 1990.
Coup ended after six days with insurgents surrendering on amnesty.
Twenty-four people had been killed in the anarchy in Port of Spain.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford.
Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
But the striker seems to be coping better after the international break.
He picked up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission is up for auction.
It shows the steps astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
The document is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the mission.
Checklists from space missions are said to be highly collectable because they flew in space and were so vital to the astronauts.
Steven Davis believes Southampton have an advantage over Tottenham.
The Northern Ireland captain says the players never back away from the 'big game'
Southampton host Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
He insisted the no-show was 'nothing to do with professionalism' amid claims Ukip was struggling to cope with increased scrutiny and demands on his time.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris are offering the rare trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk.
Guests will walk in the footsteps of the world’s biggest cats and spend time with Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist.
The safari does not actively track them as this risks guests coming face-to-face with the animals themselves.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City.
The Real Madrid forward has indicated he wants to stay at the club.
Bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player during the summer.
The Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
It keeps things basic — there are no buttons or whizzy features and you can’t make calls or browse the internet.
Once connected wirelessly to your phone, you can see who is calling, texting or emailing, without having to get your phone out.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual.
U.S. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day.
The hosts are jubilant that Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump.
Captain Cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into the slips.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members.
Mr Farage today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
He said his protest was sparked by hostile audience reaction to his argument that high levels of immigration were increasing pressure on the housing market.
The Dr Oz Show, which was pre-taped Tuesday, will air Thursday on CNN Money.
The show released a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University calling for his resignation because he is a 'charlatan'
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
The organization gave a rare tour of the facility where the elephants will retire.
Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the 1940 Second World War battle and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
It is now being auctioned at Bonhams auctioneers on behalf of a private collector.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary.
He broke into Sandra Bullock's home last summer brandishing a love letter.
The Oscar winner was forced to make a desperate call to the police.
Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them.
They will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her.
She had been staying at the house in Madrid for the last two or three months.
Her landlord, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested.
Spanish Police have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street.
At least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from Argentina and the man's aunt has also not been found.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced.
They dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet.
A woman appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the disabled cat to die in agony.
The 90-second attack was captured on CCTV by a neighbour who passed the footage on to the cat's owner.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
It comes as Ms Bines reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Ms Bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with the nasty comments.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after back operations.
Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her pain.
On Good Friday she told her husband she was 'popping out'
But he became anxious for her welfare and called the police.
At 2.35pm, police and ambulance crews were called to the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen, where they discovered Mrs Garratt's body.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China.
The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane.
Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have lost their last six games and are seventh in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald are still grieving eight years after their son was murdered.
Gareth met Glen Rycroft, 37, in a gay online chat room in 2005.
Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds.
When his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit, he murdered him.
Rycroft was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of world record holder Dennis Kimetto and other top stars.
Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati.
AK did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in Kenya for six months so that investigations can be carried out.
Jeremy Clarkson will appear on Have I Got News For You later this month.
The TV host was sacked from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer.
He was also sacked from the show after punching producer Oisin Tymon.
Clarkson is set to appear on the satirical panel show on April 25.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
In the US, gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia.
The French use four times as many heart emoji than any other language, and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one.
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was unlocked on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter.
The image has been shared more than 25,000 times on Facebook.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
They claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission.
The book is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games.
It enjoyed some viral success following its release, which coincided with the Superbowl.
Manny Pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather.
The Filipino boxer trained at LA's Griffith Park on Friday.
Pacquiao was joined by several fitness fanatics as he ran around one of North America's largest urban parks.
Home Secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ.
Based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked.
The balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating law.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters and undecided voters to realise what is at stake for Britain’s security on May 7.
Crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo.
It is thought the damaged house had been under construction.
A friend of the younger Mr Alckmin, Carlos Isquerdo, was piloting the helicopter.
No one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was devastated by the impact.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
She also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever.
The model, who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year, is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash with Clermont.
The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon.
Vunipula was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt injury.
Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper.
Rugby School is the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity'
Dr Thomas Arnold is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters.
Isco joined Real Madrid from Malaga in the summer of 2013.
The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at the Spanish giants.
Pete Evans''reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in his cookbook.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties.
It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus.
This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
Amazingly, the girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
Mr Docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
He then returned with a 15 centimetre long hook that had been fashioned from a steel rod.
The victim’s scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
Harry Kane's first outing as captain of Tottenham failed to inspire Spurs.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Kane at Turf Moor.
Isco has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
The Spaniard returned to the starting XI for the second leg of the Madrid derby in the quarter-finals, but only due to injuries to Gareth Bale and Luka Modric.
Isco admitted he was unhappy after James Rodriguez's return to fitness.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game since joining Newcastle.
The attacking midfielder suffered a collapsed lung in February.
De Jong will feature for Newcastle's reserve side against Derby County.
England Under 19 winger Rolando Aarons has not played since November.
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli.
But it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for London restaurant launch.
The 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte.
Davy wore a white chiffon top, navy trousers and a croc-print clutch bag.
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle United's performance against Sunderland wasn't good enough.
Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf muscle tear.
Black Cats slipped to record fifth successive defeat in Tyne-Wear derby.
Jermain Defoe scored the winning goal on the stroke of half-time.
Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division has four rounds of matches remaining.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Three teams will be relegated to the second division.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent.
The Wirral's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool.
Relegation to the National League may partly be down to Prenton Park legend and ex-manager Ronnie Moore, sacked by the club last season for a minor betting offence.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives.
New arrival will spend first few weeks at her Norfolk home, Anmer Hall.
Carole Middleton has become a permanent fixture at the country home.
Nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.
Royal nursery and Kensington Palace have been given Beatrix Potter theme.
Travolta broke his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear on Monday.
The 61-year-old said he never intends to watch the documentary.
He said Scientology has been'so beautiful for me, that I can't even imagine attacking it'
The documentary claims members are threatened and tortured in prison-style camps and cut off from their family if they decide to leave the faith.
The tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant.
FEMAIL's Bianca London and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to edit their selfies.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'
You can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches.
Most of the tools are easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan, then use your finger to paint on the effect.
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the Belgian midfielder.
Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat last season.
The Belgian has scored three goals in United's revival.
Todd Phillips was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment.
He has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
Leicester are bottom of the Premier League after eight games.
Nigel Pearson's side travel to West Brom on Saturday.
The Foxes are six points adrift from the survival line.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego.
He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Prosecutors believe he was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $100,000 someone posted for his bail.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events'
They found that people have better memory for boring information when it’s presented in an emotional context, regardless of if it is rewarding or negative.
Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events like making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party.
A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times, research has found.
Michelle, 27, has unveiled new Lipsy range in full.
Says she can't believe how successful the brand has been.
Has been hard at work in design studio to bring fans what they want.
Shows off her natural beauty in behind the scenes imagery.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
On Sunday the first survivors were flown off Everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their incredible stories of survival.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping Ray Warren care for him.
But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164.
The 35-year-old used the cards to buy Chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and clear some of her mortgage arrears.
Mr Warren, 89, died just five months after her crime was discovered.
Davis pleaded guilty to five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates' Court.
By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the Center for Immigration Studies said.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5% of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050.
President Barack Obama is trying to expand immigration policies, which could exempt about 5million undocumented immigrants from deportation.
The Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post, just two miles from where Nidal Hasan opened fire in 2009.
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row.
Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
Carlo Ancelotti faces a midfield selection dilemma ahead of Rayo Vallecano.
Real are four points behind leaders Barcelona in La Liga.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Manchester City Council is the worst offender for its size.
It has 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas.
A worrying new trend is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram, which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species.
Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested Sunday in Ormond Beach, Florida.
He was charged with pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
As he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
The Chelsea boss insists he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
TV regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog.
ITV received a further 35 complaints after Saturday's episode.
RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain's Got Talent 'to ascertain what methods were used'
Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend to tell her about it.
A report to the French government is urging eateries and customers to embrace 'le doggy bag' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year.
French diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing'
But one MP has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system.
The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
But the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old loose forward has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year.
London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'Elliot comes highly recommended from Leeds and has come through a good system'
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 on Wednesday night.
David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half after 21 minutes.
The Brazilian was brought back from injury to face Luis Suarez.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep QPR above the relegation zone.
Rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot dead on a London street on Tuesday.
He was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad, according to friends.
The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest.
His son Murhaf issued a statement on behalf of the family, calling for witnesses to come forward and paying tribute to the political dissident.
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
It is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer.
Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow.
Smartphones are the most popular internet-enabled item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops are second, followed by laptops (1.3) and tablets (1.2)
Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
'I had to watch it a couple of times and be like, this guy is in my apartment and looking at my stuff,' said the woman.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users.
The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes and landmarks.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling David Pocock a 'tosser'
Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies.
Devine tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!'
After the match, Pocock responded to Devine that she'd misinterpreted his hand movements.
Prime Minister says Tories will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home.
National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion.
Move will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties.
But Chartered Institute of Housing says it will do nothing to tackle housing crisis.
Daniel DeMarco was arrested on Friday at 2.45pm in Elmwood Park, New Jersey.
He was found in possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
Police on scene believed DeMarco, 28, looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel.
DeMarco is still employed by the police department but did not say if he would face suspension.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the last eight.
Defending champion Guillermo Garcia-Lopez suffered a surprise defeat.
A collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams.
Tiger of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, fought in India in 1799.
War was waged after spies intercepted a letter from the Sultan proposing an alliance with the French.
The Sultan's personal sporting gun, a four-foot-long rifle made by his own armoury, is tipped to sell for £150,000 alone.
Bidders can buy a piece of history with a Mughal gem-set jade plaque, complete with a note stating it was found
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He is accused of killing Ms Scott just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford created an online alter ego to use in science fiction, gaming and fantasy forums characters.
The gamer was like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago.
His identical twin brother moved from Holland to Australia in June 2013.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
The High Court has since overturned a gagging order against Ms Watson.
She claims Rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her.
Nigel Farage has come under fire for his controversial comments.
The Ukip leader claimed that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment.
Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after his controversial remarks.
Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate tweeting that the leaders had failed to engage with today's generation.
David Potchen robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June and waited for police to arrive so he could go back to prison.
The 53-year-old had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
He had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods before deciding to rob a bank with a note on the back of his resume.
Now he has reconnected with cousins who have bought him a microwave, clothes and a coffee maker to help him adjust to life on the outside.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter.
Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer’s 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner.
The 28-year-old will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
Leeds United lost 2-1 to Charlton at Elland Road on Saturday.
Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the game.
Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos.
Former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers.
Bates, a former full-time officer, accidentally pulled out his service weapon.
He is classified as an advanced deputy, according to Tulsa Police.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers after he uploaded the clip.
The three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal.
Limmy grins manically as the spider crawls out of his mouth onto his chin.
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
The Wales wing has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
North has scored the second of two tries in Saints' win over Wasps.
John Higgins and Graeme Dott led the Scottish charge on Sunday.
Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503)
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw.
Gary Ballance was struck by a shot from Jos Buttler.
Joe Root's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts for the Blues this season.
Ray Parlour believes the Gunners should sell Wojciech Szczesny.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual.
Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV around 7pm on Saturday.
The peacock patriarch is also worried about the birds' long term survival if he is not able to return and fertilize eggs.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care.
Moody was married to another man at the time of the second child's birth with her father.
Gates is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his probation by moving back in with Moody after he was originally convicted of incest in January.
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone.
The stunt was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Philippe Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Pele.
Pele was a special guest for Liverpool's league encounter vs Manchester United.
Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia, especially those with Alzheimer's disease.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
Three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR.
The Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
Michelle Obama made a special appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday.
The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own.
She also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which had named her daughters as influential teens.
The Hubble Space Telescope was launched on 24 April 1990 aboard Space Shuttle Discovery.
It is 43ft (12.3 metres) long and 14ft (4.2 metres wide) and is able to image the universe in near-infrared, visible light and ultraviolet.
Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery.
The heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles.
Inside the nebula is a fantasy landscape of pillars, ridges and valleys made of gas
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, Utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise.
Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Majnaric was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
Last night Suchet declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1.
Natasha Flint scored a hat-trick as Young Lions came from goal down.
England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel.
Casey's new range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
Inspired by seventies influence spotted on SS15 catwalks.
Says launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a 'dream come true'
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote.
Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers, has attracted national media attention.
His post has been shared over 1,000 times, attracting hundreds
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today.
It is located between a 65ft high snow cavern and the winding track of Murodo.
The route usually draws about a million visitors every year.
But numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield in Kluane National Park.
An elderly couple have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public.
It is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds.
There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve.
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
In his most recent blog post, he defended meat eating, saying it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
But he also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population as demand in developing countries increases.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
The pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he tried to clear his throat.
He collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
But his Labrador Lexi leaped into action and dislodged the onion.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment for leukaemia.
He has built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County, China.
The fire is made using sawdust, twigs and branches.
Jia has had a bone marrow transplant, costing £55,000, funded by well-wishers.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to ensure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
But just before the dissolution of Parliament, Conservative Sir Greg Knight asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the Easter Act 1928.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure.
A separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night.
He was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn.
Malek was also pictured with his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old Syrian crew member named Mahmud
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
It was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
Juventus rested several players ahead of the Champions League.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.
The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps.
He was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them.
Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute.
Southampton are only ranked 16th in the Premier League in terms of their wage bill.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
The combined accounts of the 20 clubs shows over overall turnover rose to £3.07billion from £2.3billion in 2012/13 with wages increasing too but at a slower rate.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford with a 37th-minute header.
Odion Ighalo added a second on 65 minutes to make it 2-0 with 25 minutes to go.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Executives at Coronation Street have reportedly overturned a ban on their cast offering their voice to radio advertising campaigns.
Katy Cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including Whitbread, Lancome, iPlayer Restart and Nestle Kit Kats.
Benedict Cumberbatch has occasionally branched out from acting to lend his voice to advertising campaigns including Jaguar, Dunlop and Pedigree dog food.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on April 3.
Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
A section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Police have released photos of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident who were seated on the western side of the stadium above the tunnel.
People can upload footage and photos to the Crime Stoppers website anonymously.
Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim.
Pair were engaged in a sex act during entrance exam day at Priory School.
The fee-paying school's facilities manager walked in on the pair.
Mr Turnbull, who has worked at the school for nine years, has not commented.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259.
Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney was a close second at 3075.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday.
The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
But five-time champion O’Sullivan, 39, could now face a fine.
O'Sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the UK Championship after breaking his ankle.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Police searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
Brennan, 36, will be charged with possession of a destructive device, and one part possession of components capable of making a component device.
Kimi Raikkonen's contract expires at the end of the current Formula One season.
The Finn has never been happier working with a team in his entire F1 career.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has urged him to improve his performances if he wants to stay at Ferrari.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
She is still in the intensive care unit but has already begun to ask for ice cream.
Bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°C (105°F)
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practise can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels.
The average body temperature for men was 39°C and 38°C for women.
They advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks.
Kevin Franklin will switch his lights on every evening in April for Autism Awareness Month.
His 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability.
Mr Franklin put the lights up on his council house last November in preparation for Christmas.
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs unprecedented power to set higher state pension.
He will unveil radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow.
Move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk.
Widnes lost 30-10 to Warrington in the Cheshire derby.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Wolves have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter.
The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk.
For £7, customers will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg with one half used as a bowl, served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate.
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet tarantula and allowed it to bite her hand.
The exotic pet owner filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles.
But she later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
The Chelsea winger is one of the elite in English football.
Hazard has been imperious this season as Chelsea close in on a double of Capital One Cup and Premier League titles.
Jose Mourinho has transformed his game after he suffered a dip in form following the departure of Roberto Di Matteo.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes online.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term.
She has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left speech.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
The quarry had been abandoned for years.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others.
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison.
Defense lawyers argued for leniency, and prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher.
Levar Jones, 36, was on his way home from work when he was shot.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been fired and charged with felony assault.
Mr Jones has no criminal record and was unarmed when pulled over.
He said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by Walter Scott's death.
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man.
The Manchester City midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Lampard believes that football is changing and losing its macho persona.
Manchester City are keen for Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in 2016.
City director of football Txiki Begiristain was on the 10.30am Lufthansa flight out of Manchester for Munich on Tuesday morning.
The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday.
Despite winning the Premier League last season, City boss Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term.
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Steve claims that these interventions could save the country and the NHS millions.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Ivy was shooting a rap video with about 20 people at around 10.30pm in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in West Indies squad.
The tourists have cut six names from their first training camp.
Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down.
Leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall.
Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday.
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives.
When it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
Urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them.
He then hid his iPhone inside to film through the hole in the bottle.
The doctor said he had set up the intricate device to 'let off steam'
He pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death.
Indonesia's attorney-general says they will be executed soon.
The pair learned of the ruling after an appeal against their death sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday.
Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency.
They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
Saracens, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all bunched up behind Saints.
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
EE users on iPhone will see a Wi-Fi calling section appear in the settings app of their phone.
The new Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge will also have the feature on the EE network when it goes on sale this Friday.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed with her at family home in West Wales.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Welsh government said it will consider the coroner’s comments.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to mark the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12.
Models were adorned with jewellery from Cerrone Jewellers.
Danny Lambo, 37, bought bath for girlfriend Natasha Flynn, 29, for £10,000.
Bath contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate, with 1.3 million calories.
The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill.
Mr Lambo has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth.
Larry Upright's family added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week.
'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter Jill McLain.
A group of Nevada sex workers have come out in favor of the Democratic contender.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are scheduled to fight on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to retire with as much as $100m (£67m) in the bank.
Pacquiao is a politician in the Philippines having been elected as a congressman in 2010.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces.
The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways, and are suitable for day to night wear.
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode.
KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK alone.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton heard from alleged victims.
A retired nurse, who was sent to Neerkol orphanage, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly.
Third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11.
Former residents told of being locked in rooms and cupboards, starved of food and water, being forced to drink their own urine for hydration and to lick their own vomit.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal.
Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017.
Allen admits his move from Belfast to the Scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone.
Daniel Agger has been accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter, a court heard.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for the England right back.
Ronald Koeman understands Clyne's ambitions and wants him to stay.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of his career in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, north-east of Cuba, named best island in the world.
Maui, second largest island in Hawaii, was named the second best island.
No island in UK or Australia managed to crack the global top 10.
Scientists at Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
The experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load.
It was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells.
Patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in the amount of HIV virus measured in their blood.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Mary Day, 60, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
She used the money to go on luxury holidays to the Indian resort of Goa.
Day went on trips to tourist hotspot in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but failed to tell authorities.
The Taxpayers' Alliance said Day's sentence would do little to discourage others from committing benefit fraud.
Transport for London has pulled the posters from the London Underground.
The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield.
They have caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
Prince William will take full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Kate will return to Kensington Palace to recuperate before travelling to Norfolk to set up home at Anmer Hall.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members.
Mr Jones was escorted out of the building leaving other local candidates to take part in the debate without him.
Apple is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
Louis van Gaal did not rate the £29million summer signing from Athletic Bilbao.
But the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product.
The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Sisters Sophie Morgan, 21, and Sheree, 25, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
Couple, 86, and 84-year-old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
The caller even pretended he knew of a list of previous transactions the elderly couple had made, initially rattling off eight incorrect withdrawals before correctly guessing a £50
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital.
City hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building.
Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
Phoebe, five, plays only'muscle friendly' games that won't tire her brother out.
She helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat
The artifacts were found at the Honolulu Museum of Art yesterday.
They are believed to have been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
Kapoor, who is facing charges in India, is accused of creating false provenances for the antiquities.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Nearly half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases.
Ticks are tiny spider-like creatures found in woodland and heath areas.
They feed on the blood of birds and mammals, including humans.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for the first team since March 2014.
The 19-year-old has not played since the Champions League last-16.
Ggnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading.
Located in the centre of the city, the signature suite hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground.
The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf.
Guests will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club, which sits along 200m of private beachfront.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, New Hampshire, were arrested on warrants Thursday.
The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4.
They were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose.
Both have been released on personal recognizance bail.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea.
Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as he sent Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard the wrong way.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, court told.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County.
Around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Some bags have grossly inaccurate value listings-such as the Aussie Bogan bag.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son was unable to reach her by phone after she attended dinner party.
32-year-old man arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find body parts.
Police mobilised 70 officers, a helicopter and divers, and searching hospitals as well.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at Sea Pines.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' Masters record of 18-under 270.
Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's DailyOnline shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was evicted from his home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
Mr Keenan's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece.
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page.
Said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
He was arrested hours later and charged with theft and burglary.
Only 32% of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
More than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played as a non-competing marker with the Northern Irishman in the third round last year.
McIlroy even outscored the world No 1 by a shot, with a 70.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge.
The controller of BBC Radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant.
He claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result.
Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC's main stations.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
He had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old.
Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli's skull when he's older.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in 2014.
This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest in Europe's top five leagues.
The Hoops winger also scored as QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Lionel Messi has made more assists this year than any other player.
Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
The result is the latest vindication for Louis van Gaal's methods.
Van Gaal has been dropping hints about his philosophy all season.
Mata, Falcao, Angel di Maria and Robin van Persie have all impressed.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered inquiry into memo.
It claims Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the General Election.
The SNP leader claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'
The row followed an allegation she told French ambassador she would prefer a Tory General Election victory.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's every day lives.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years, while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
The pair work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB, Macquarie Bank, PwC, kikki,K, Sportsgirl, Commonwealth Bank, Hewlett Packard and Mercedes Benz.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed: 'I won't quit my mates'
The announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation, fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
The men were also seen holding talks at Clarkson's west London home, in their first public appearance since the presenter was axed from the show over a 'fracas' with a
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain ice hockey debut.
The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
But Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
He is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Police raided Christine Carriage's one-bedroom bungalow in November 2013.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
President Tomislav Nikolic's advisers described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane began tumbling through the air on Friday.
The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican.
An investigation determined that the co-pilot had spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence'
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his skivvies and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police.
Officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters and fished him out early Friday morning.
He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres.
It's incredible slope, which has a gradient of 6.1% on the Shimane Prefecture side and 5.1 per cent on the Tottori prefecture side gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance.
America’s highest suspension bridge can look down nearly 90 stories at the Arkansas River in the Royal Gorge
John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question.
He turned the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips at a price of £2.75.
The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
Mr Clarkson runs Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston, Lancashire.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch.
She pleaded for the order to be reversed and was shut down by the courts again in a final plea to gain custody of her children.
But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
Rutherford left her husband in 2009 while she was pregnant with their second child after the German businessman's visa was revoked.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager.
The Argentine has deployed grueling training methods at Spurs and Southampton.
Pochettino is set to return to St Mary's for the first time since leaving.
Sportsmail looks at how his two tenures compare.
England beat West Indies by 130 runs in the first Test at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Gary Ballance scored a century in only his ninth match for England.
Alastair Cook's side set a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
Joe Root and Jos Buttler took wickets for England in Antigua.
JJ Watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season.
On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap.
The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds'
They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts to Tudor pavilions.
Some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
The dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes believes Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition.
Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
The amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state.
The beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter, the accessories less shiny.
The gold and silver bars had been loaded onto a former Irish Sea ferry.
They were being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons.
But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
The incident has only come to light thanks to a secret diary kept by one of the Ulster Queen's engineers.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Benfica.
The Portugal striker has struggled for first-team action.
Oliveira is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp.
British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945.
Today, seventy years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
Joachim Gauck, the German president, said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
American Airlines is introducing new 'indie' cabin playlists.
Rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier are included.
The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.
The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag.
New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up.
House prices across New Zealand are on the rise, with the average in Auckland around $766,000.
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada.
One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Several people who had gone to the buffet for an Easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident.
Sam Allardyce has told David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015 results.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League so far.
Allardyce feels the season as a whole has been a success.
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman, only to find out seconds later the man was his friend.
The father-of-two said he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago.
Mr Heneker said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life.
It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague.
Andres Iniesta scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 Champions League quarter-final win.
The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season.
But Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes with a mesmeric run and pass for Neymar to score his first goal of the evening.
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 on Sunday.
The 24-year-old has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games.
Garcia has been linked with a move away from Hibernian.
Lalit Verma 'launched into furious assault on boy named only as Shiva'
Alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of stomach ache.
Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Tottenham face Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier League.
Sam Vokes and Ben Davies were both part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie.
Davies insists there can be no quarter given if he gets the chance of a first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR.
Some of the most comical adverts of the 20th century were in newspapers and magazines.
The men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from Mad Men about them.
Advertising brains are clearly convinced it will sell more Dubonnet, a wine-based aperitif.
There seems to be a large association between alcohol, sport and attractiveness.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands.
The pair were involved in a disagreement last week.
Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The Spaniard has struggled to make an impact in midfield for Chelsea.
He was given just four out of 10 marks by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his midfielder in the Premier League.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month.
He is working with a therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties.
He would steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was caught when he left behind a bag containing a police charge sheet.
Police were able to pin four other burglaries on him with the help of students.
Woolaston was sentenced to four years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf, and are used for racing and transport.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of friendly bacteria.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Eating approximately 50g of peanut kernels a day could improve the gut microflora and help to protect against foodborne illnesses caused by common foodborne bacterial pathogens.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into.
Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Brown was black and all five officers involved are white.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The 19-year-old has now scored six tries in six Super League appearances.
Leeds are six points clear at the top of Super League.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty.
Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month.
The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Former Rangers chairman and manager Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
The South African businessman was a director of the oldco before administration and liquidation.
King was convicted of 41 breaches of section 75 of the SA Income Tax Act.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year.
She said the policy would require a change in the law and help millions of working families.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher accused Toure of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick.
Charlotte Crosby has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes.
But fans have questioned whether she has taken things too far.
She is not the only Geordie Shore star to have lost weight.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan and Marnie Simpson have also all dropped the pounds.
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house.
He had previously attacked his mother on two occasions, Guildford Crown Court heard.
Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford, Surrey.
Judge Noel Lucas branded attack 'horrific' and said: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation.
The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
Mr Dewar initially denied any of the events took place during his consultation, telling investigators that he had 'brain confusion'
He also said he asked the woman for a massage as he had hurt his neck while reversing on the
Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League.
Veteran seamer Thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle.
He is free to take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16.
Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's daughters were targeted by online predator.
Ms Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself, pretending to.
Mr Conman, 34, from Hull, said: 'You can only find my daughter on Facebook if you have a mutual friend and this guy was friends with 100 of her school friends, so she thought he was from school'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will face Lionel Messi at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
PSG beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the French League Cup final.
Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea.
The Sweden international has never won the trophy as a player.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications.
He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year.
Coroner Ian Arrow said Mr Dawe's health was compromised by the assault.
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be sold at auction house Bonhams.
The actor-director's treasured possessions are going up for sale.
They include a treasure trove of unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches.
Many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera.
The man, who cannot be named, was given a life sentence at Derby Crown Court.
He impregnated the girl when she was just a teenager, court heard.
As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'I love you and miss you'
The man had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother who did not live with them.
Judge Stuart Rafferty QC said: 'You took your daughter's life'
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack'
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, has bravely waived her right to anonymity.
She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words.
He was today jailed for life at Norwich Crown Court.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for the hosts.
Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard the news.
Sevilla will take on Fiorentina in the Europa League semi-finals.
La Viola beat Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four.
Napoli take on Dnipro in the Warsaw final on May 27.
James Webster, 35, targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
He was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving bag closer to victim.
Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face jail.
But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3' and 'wife' because she's married.
'Fat' is just another self-descriptor for her, who insists that the word doesn't have to be used as a synonym for 'ugly'
Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them.
The Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings.
It follows on the heels of Old Street's Porridge Cafe, Simply Crispy in Belfast.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez scored his second of the night to give the Catalans the lead.
Edinson Cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Anthony Mann pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
The 78-year-old stabbed his wife to death after she begged him to end his life.
He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House, Lancashire.
Volunteer worker claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain trust.
But he admitted stealing laptop and TomTom sat nav from the charity.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when the trust you place in someone is betrayed'
Mitchell pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court.
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi and a former Labour backer.
Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Freddie, three, was killed when a trailer came loose from a passing Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey was helpless as the trailer mounted the pavement.
Driver Tony Davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
His sentence infuriated Mrs Hussey and Freddie's father Scott, 37, who blasted his punishment as a 'joke'
Tyra Banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on Sunday.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences.
He was charged with rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
Police say each of the offences had been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.
The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
Over 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes in west London, Hertfordshire and Surrey.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million over the course of 11 months.
Gang were undeterred by security systems, officers said, instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he crashed.
He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed.
Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving.
But he was convicted in February this year after a four-day trial.
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual, according to a new survey from Visa.
Budget for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler.
In 2012, Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read, 'Tina, will you go to prom with me?'
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators.
They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica bra is a first on the larger bra market.
Features removable cookies that sit inside a pocket within the bra.
Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection.
Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus.
He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night.
Rolling Stone will not take any action against Sabrina Rubin Erdely, whose reporting was roundly discredited.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store.
It searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute.
Users can review and save their distance, time, pace, as well as see which tracks were played.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway.
The pair, aged eight and seven, chant Rooney's name at him in the street.
Rooney admits he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chant his name when he is away from the football pitch.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
English cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick player.
The 22-year-old man accused of stabbing Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am.
His wife Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club
Gemma, 34, has launched her updated fashion range for Evans.
She showcased the collection this evening at one of the chain's flagship stores.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
TOWIE star says she designs everything with her customers in mind.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United are favourites to sign the 22-year-old from Burnley.
Liverpool were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer.
Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of Ings.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday night.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
His parent club Chelsea are opening talks with him over a new deal.
Bamford is one of 26 players out on loan from Stamford Bridge.
Romelu Lukaku was sold to Everton in the summer after failing to make the grade.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Bayern have suffered injuries, but Porto coach Julen Lopetegui is hoping his side can cause an upset.
Pep Guardiola has hailed his former Barcelona team-mate for his brand of football.
Porto have been boosted by the return of leading scorer Jackson Martinez to the 20-man squad for the first leg at Dragao.
Oscar-winning actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014, aged 63.
In 'peculiar' incident, he stuffed watch collection into sock and took it to friend.
Also spent final 24 hours looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Post-mortem revealed he had Lewy body dementia, which could have been cause.
Autopsy will reconstruct final hours of actor's life on Channel 5 tonight.
Pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd says his online activity suggested he knew'something else was wrong with him'
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of San Quentin's tech program.
It teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code.
The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release.
Leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire.
He sent a text to a relative saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down'
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, New Jersey, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
Police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help.
There are plenty of DIY'solutions' to keep a bouquet fresh, but most of these things can actually damage the delicate flowers.
Using simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your blooms last a lot longer.
Warming then cooling the flowers 'hardens' them for longer-lasting freshness.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months.
The elderly woman's son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.
He found the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room.
Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager.
Klopp announced he was leaving the club at the end of the season.
Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
The 41-year-old has a reputation for enforcing an attacking approach to his team's style of play.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his current deal at Old Trafford.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said they will take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
He has written a book about his time with the Manchester United chiefs.
The Glazers' £800m takeover of the club was met with huge protests.
Nayani says the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The 39-year-old admits that waiting makes his mind wander.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
Police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out. He's definitely loaded'
But apparently ignoring his advice, Rapiejko overtakes the officer's car.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Shocking dashcam footage released as police continue to face scrutiny.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
But Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife, 39, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June.
On Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial, Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that he was 'unable to
Kim Sears watched Andy Murray play against South African Kevin Anderson.
The 27-year-old artist wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun.
Andy and Kim will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling enraged Liverpool after saying he was 'flattered' to be linked with Arsenal.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award from Manchester United.
Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 2-1 win.
The attacking midfielder also produced an impressive display against Tottenham.
Louis van Gaal's side return to Premier League action against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her.
The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed.
Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
One officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him.
A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage.
Holland international has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February.
Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February.
Adnan Januzaj, Tyler Blackett, Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira also featured for United.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels were wiped out in England and Wales.
Disease, habitat loss and competition for food from grey squirrels blamed for decline in reds.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after her death.
He wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume.
Inquest heard how William had'settled back in well' after returning to school.
Coroner Paul Kelly said the teenager had likely not intended to take his life.
The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies.
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for months.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck 'floating ice'
The collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder.
He was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
The Indian national was a technology professional outside of Philadelphia and knew the baby's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot.
Prosecutors argued he hatched the kidnapping plot to pay for a gambling habit.
They said he committed the crime after losing at least $15,000 at a casino
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airline confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident was the second of the day for Dublin Airport, after two Ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off.
Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League.
His uncle, Boro chairman Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Steve Gibson helped save Middlesbrough from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control, his investment seeing them win the Carling Cup in 2004 and reach the final of the UEFA Cup in 2006.
Banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk.
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
Records reveal how offenders came from a variety of backgrounds, such as metal cutters, grease merchants, labourers and hawkers.
The Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous Parisian gallery.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture.
Police were called to the scene of a fight between two men in east London.
One of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on.
He then tried to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash.
The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home.
They wanted to ensure that, while in travel mode, the house would meet minimum road requirements.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking.
Handmade furniture made from recycled materials also fill the space, from the shelf made out of old spanners to the kitchen bench-tops and cupboard.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball-style trick shot while practicing in China.
The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it.
Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, drawing a reaction from his caddie.
Two 'unemployed rich kids' caused a major traffic accident in central Beijing.
The crash wrote a green Lamborghini off and wrecked a red Ferrari.
Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau.
Internet users speculate that the pair had been 'drag racing'
Crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during practice.
Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf.
The former World No1 has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at Queen's Club.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over Rafael Nadal.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate'
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were 'riddled with loopholes'
Under proposals, landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies.
They would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday.
The pair have been stalwarts of the English game for the past decade and a half.
Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season, while Lampard is set to join MLS franchise New York City FC.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after Karin Rowsell's departure.
Chairman of governing body said it was 'not an easy decision'
School's bursar said education of 1,200 pupils would be unaffected.
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago.
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
Volcanic eruptions - or even a supervolcano - could also have reduced the amount of light reaching Earth, allowing temperatures to drop.
John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation.
The Magpies suffered their fifth successive derby defeat at the Stadium of Light.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a 1-0 victory.
It was Sunderland's third Premier League win of the season.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck in his first innings for England.
Trott last played a Test for his country in November 2013.
He withdrew from England's disastrous Ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
The wicket left England one for one after just five balls.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping.
But he later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Her family have slammed BT for not taking action at the time.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at Anderlecht.
Kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before moving to England.
Michelle Knight was chained inside Cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by Ariel Castro.
Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
The luncheon raised a record $254,000 for the center, which counsels rape survivors.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Furen, Japan.
The small red fox fights off a flock of crows and an eagle for the bone.
But when a pair of Steller sea eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles.
Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far this season.
The Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla for particular praise.
Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table.
Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks on Wednesday.
Supporters hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of Newcastle United.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself.
But hours later he was fighting for his life after woken from a nap with a rash.
Doctors at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth battled to save him.
He was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after.
His death has devastated his parents Shannon, 17, and Kris Adams, 19.
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault.
Police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex.
The alleged assault happened around 7:30pm on Saturday, January 24, outside the central Phoenix gym.
Hood told police he sent a text telling the twins' mother, Thomasine Morris, he'd 'always be there for her' and that another friend, Julius Kane, 25, saw the message and concluded their relationship was
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
It was unveiled to the public with the launch of France’s Renault 16 in 1965.
Now it accounts for a staggering two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain.
A majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan and, increasingly, the US too.
Luke Rockhold faces Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday.
Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory.
Machida is also coming off a victory, against CB Dollaway in Brazil.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
They say the eye spots do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since joining in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Duke of York inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting girls' refuge.
He came up with idea less than an hour after leaving home run by Women’s Interlink Foundation.
Founder Aloka Mitra said: 'I am proud to have helped their products find a market and be sold in the United Kingdom'
The Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Sky Sports refuse to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell.
Gary Neville was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for a birthday party in honour of Nicky Butt's wife Shelly at a London casino.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests.
This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
He was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Police say that he saw the javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process.
He was taken to The Valley Hospital in Ridgewood via ambulance.
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
Cairns, Hobart and Melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season.
AS focus on Real's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card.
Tuttosport have an exclusive interview with Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players.
City will ask about Raheem Sterling's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday.
The Premier League champions are also interested in signing Danny Ings and Jay Rodriguez.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election.
Ukip source said: 'It is not looking easy for Mark, but we are hopeful the figures are misleading'
But another source added: 'We aren't that bothered because Reckless isn't particularly popular'
Chelsea are interested in signing West Ham striker Enner Valencia.
Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuadorian in January.
Chelsea are also interested in Raheem Sterling and Loic Remy.
Wellington put on one hell of a show for its inaugural CubaDupa festival at the weekend.
The colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
It was the first of its kind in several years and saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks and performers dancing in shop windows.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville.
The 38-year-old will manage England at the netball World Cup.
Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers.
She was first capped for her country at 19, eventually making 81 international appearances before a knee injury forced her to retire.
Ryanair posted a photo of two staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2.
Ryanair flies out of Terminal 1 at Dublin Airport, whereas Aer Lingus flies from Terminal 2, so it was clear the tweet was a joke at its rival's expense.
Aer Lingus responded in fine form, tweeting: 'Fly from T2 at @DublinAirport to central locations across Europe. T1 gets you nearly there, we get you really there'
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides.
Atletico Madrid ended a 14-year run of not beating Real when they won the Copa del Rey against them two years ago.
Mats Hummels admits he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United.
Dortmund are certain to miss out on a place in the Champions League next season.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.
Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
In both books, she describes her childhood as chaotic.
Her parents would drink, fight and then she would be left to clean up the mess each night.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
He could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, told Fox News that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs)
Was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death.
Her mother Nita, who does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning, continues to buy her daughter fatty foods.
The pair are filmed visiting their local supermarket, where Susan is unable to walk for long periods of tie because of the pressure her weight puts on her knees.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City.
The accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December and is still earning £14,000 a week while his 12-month notice period runs down.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Alan Pardew says Sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side.
Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
She is also an advocate of good sugars despite popular beliefs currently surrounding the move towards complete sugar bans.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with 1-0 win at Elche.
Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols.
White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Crips to all, and all a hood night'
The incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said Clemson didn't
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy appear in video announcing Hillary Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job.
But they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans on screen.
Chelsea Clinton, 35, was a twelve-year-old Arkansas girl with voluminous frizzy curls.
Over the years, her curls quickly began to fade, appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on, before eventually vanishing completely.
Now, in a candid interview with Elle, Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets.
The former White House resident spoke of her family's relationship with Oscar de la Renta, who passed away in October.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman.
Murray is in Munich for this week's BMW Open.
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth in multi-millionaires.
South America boasted a 265 per cent increase over the 10 year period.
While Australia saw an increase of 190 per cent.
Hong Kong is home to the most millionaires, followed by New York City.
Nigel Farage admits to having a pint most lunchtimes.
He said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking.
Ukip leader said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can'
He also urged them to secure a referendum on the European Union.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
The 25-year-old has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
St Etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Wood has sought advice from former Durham bowler Steve Harmison.
Amir Khan posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
The 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
According to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence, which can result in fines or points on a licence.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps.
Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California.
It measures 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at a height of 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
The seesaw is made from entirely raw materials – a large trunk sits securely in between the natural split of a tree.
Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after four minutes.
Ross McCormack equalised for the visitors in the 67th minute.
Steve Evans' side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player.
Juventus lost 2-1 to Fiorentina in the Coppa Italia first leg.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring in the 21st minute.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Leonardo Bonucci scored Juventus' third goal of the night.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem ahead of Celta Vigo.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning and finishing in the top four.
The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team.
Greg Dyke was given a watch by the Brazilian FA during the World Cup.
The watch was handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million.
Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care.
FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch and has closed proceedings on the matter.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins.
The 'Space Bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s.
Binets will likely arrive in Europe within the next few years.
QPR owner Tony Fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches.
Jim Rodwell's departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative.
QPR are 19th in the Premier League, four points away from escaping the relegation zone.
Raheem Sterling’s stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him.
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie.
Flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles took off on Monday afternoon.
Pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
A baggage handler was pulled from the cargo hold after falling asleep.
The man appeared to be well as he walked around the runway talking to airport employees.
Alaska Airlines is investigating the situation.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out.
You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets.
The Paelo Way co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release the book independently.
The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
'We've taken all of the [health] information on board and applied it to the book' said Charlotte Carr on the popular morning show.
They also addressed the controversial 'Happy Tummy Brew' recipe which attracted criticism for it's ingredients, claiming they have added more vitamin C to the formula.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says 'direction of travel' is towards independence.
But David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing SNP pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
Polls suggest more than half of Scots plan to vote for the SNP.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory.
The model is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester, where it will serve as the centrepiece.
Chancellor and husband spend Easter on island of Ischia, near Naples.
Prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for more expensive suites.
Mrs Merkel has reportedly hired a personal Pilates trainer.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled around the world using money from mortgage fraud scam.
He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010.
Allen also splurged £8,700 on holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took girlfriend and children to Disney World.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother.
'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes.
Nelms said that his wife, Glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son Ezra because of high child care costs.
He estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $36,660 a year, the annual-salary for a full-time nanny.
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold after stock market fell.
Study carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed that those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
If they had resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 if they had not spent any of the cash.
Franck Ribery has dismissed reports linking Kevin de Bruyne with Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 – seven more than the next best.
The 23-year-old Belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under Pep Guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the Holland winger.
Ribery says De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of Pep Guardiola.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct.
The Ibrox board launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property.
However, they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape.
Recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life.
Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Madison Brengle of the United States upset Petra Kvitova.
Widower Clem Schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog Missy on Saturday after a deadly tornado hit Illinois on Thursday and killed his wife Geraldine.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna.
But it's not better for your pocket if manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on the cost saving to consumers.
The trophy room at Sandringham was a relic of a bygone era.
Now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the Queen's estate.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been removed.
Even the blood-red walls have been painted white to make clear the break with the past.
Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran, has been charged with trafficking drugs from China.
Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
He is accused of buying the drugs to exchange for sexual favors.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, apologized for his 'offensive' comments to conservative talk show host Mike Gallagher on Friday.
He said the singer and new mom could'stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Clarkson, 32, said she's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she appeared on 'American Idol' in 2002.
Her fellow Fox News anchor, Greta Van Susteren, 60, almost immediately took to her blog to chastise Wallace over his comments to Gallagher.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure.
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade.
It also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs (54kg)
Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair.
Elle Macpherson, 51, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
Having been labeled 'The Body' since the 1980s, Elle has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
He was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
Dundee boss Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season.
Hartley admits the only game in which McGowan would be able to safely feature is the final-day derby at Tannadice which kicks off at 12.30pm on May 24.
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased Justus down the street before opening fire.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing' and reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
However, the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Shortly after her visit on April 7, Bradford's father died of heart failure.
The couple had lived in the same brick house for more than 65 years.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League again.
The Barcelona star wants to sample the 'best atmosphere in Europe'
Celtic lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in August.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 feathers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
But they say Labour and some senior Lib Dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.
The Alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels.
It is urging tourists to consult the guide before travelling to the Maldives.
A woman has been charged with a string of offences after footage of the racially fuelled incident went viral.
The 51-year-old woman is charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
David Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
Romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the Kensington and Chelsea region.
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is lining up a tilt at the Tory leadership.
London Mayor has'suddenly realised' that his main political rivals are lining themselves up to take over the top job.
Comes just weeks after Mr Cameron revealed he would stand down as Prime Minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month.
The man, known only as Jason, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment.
It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist.
He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'
As Jason's sister in law hammers the needle deeper into the cyst, he emits loud cries of pain.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
But the 'horrendous' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
Belinda is to appear on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
Labour leader said the Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of PM's Libya policy.
Senior Conservatives claim Miliband is effectively 'accusing the Prime Minister of murder'
Former defence secretary Liam Fox said Miliband was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November.
The 11-year-old can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over.
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
He has already been rushed to hospital after his neck started swelling so much that it almost closed his throat and there is a risk his heart could be impacted too.
His parents say there isn
Stuart Dallas scored his second goal of the game just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Cauley Woodrow saw two presentable opportunities go begging before Seko Fofana could only skew an effort wide.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job.
But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters.
Court heard stun gun could cause victim to'startle and repel'
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face.
Suit seeks unspecified damages, of at least $30,000.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero and Marouane Fellaini scored the goals for United.
Louis van Gaal's side sit third in the Premier League table.
Gary Neville believes United are getting closer to being 'the real deal'
Raheem Sterling scored the opener in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle.
The 20-year-old is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield.
Sterling has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack', and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Sterling of his responsibilities.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship.
The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session.
O'Sullivan will face Matthew Stevens in the second round.
Mohammed Emwazi was planning to join al-Shabaab in Africa, source says.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State.
Emwazi became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million.
Tony Pulis is adamant Peace wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Danielle Jones, 33, and husband Darrel, 44, got married on Good Friday.
Take That superfan Gary Barlow dropped in at reception to sing ballad.
Singer had promised to go along to reception at Beaumont Estate in Berkshire.
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked singer to perform.
But he secretly replied to them saying 'let's do this' - on condition they kept it secret.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.
Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Camargo can be seen wiping tears from the young boy's face as he cries.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty.
But most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton.
The 21-year-old came off the bench in England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Roberto Martinez believes Barkley is ready to kick on again.
Everton face Southampton at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Jason Lee, 38, allegedly forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom.
He told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear.
The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital.
It came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worcesterhire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal'
NHS England said 92.5% of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission, transfer or discharge in the week ending April 12.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the pensioner fall to the pavement.
He parked and rushed over to help but the warden put a £70 ticket on his car.
The student tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin before going back to pick it up.
Bournemouth Council said it was 'not the cost, it's the principle'
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender has undergone successful surgery.
Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition.
Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, is conscious but unable to move.
Devine, a dentist, was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy.
The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
The bill will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of reaching 100 goals for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
Messi has 46, Neymar 28 and Suarez 19 despite missing the first three months of the season through suspension.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen will play Max Branning's new love interest Carin Smart.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has also signed up.
Patsy Kensit made a huge success of her stint in Emmerdale.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Poston's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it.
Leonie Granger, 25, lured Mehmet Hassan, 56, to his 'pitiless and wicked' death.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
After going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
He was left with multiple broken bones, lying face down in his bedroom drowning in his own blood
Dr Fredric Brandt was found hanged in his Miami home two days after his high school photo was taken.
The 65-year-old dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones, sunken eyes and platinum blond hair.
His High School photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame, fortune and fillers.
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat.
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure.
In one
Dontrell Stephens was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin.
The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
Stephens had a record for possessing cocaine.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini.
Cesc Fabregas had a quiet afternoon for Jose Mourinho's side.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much for Liverpool this season.
John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle.
Steven Caulker's form has suffered from playing with too many different partners at QPR.
Chelsea need to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games.
Kasper Schmeichel made a string of outstanding stops as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1.
Sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical.
Single dose of the drug is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket.
The pair's chequered past led to Moores' unsuccessful first spell as England coach.
Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton as managing director of England cricket.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool.
Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for the Premier League clash.
Raheem Sterling had almost single-handedly shifted the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year.
His father TJ, himself a former bull rider, entered Lance, his older brother Joe, 15, and his sister Jayden, seven, into competitions all over the US.
Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality.
The clip, created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
Men hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry’s most important positions, the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA.
Department store Myer will be holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th.
The sale will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store.
It comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
The 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article.
Steve Spowart spent five hours helping to rescue five horses from flood waters in Maitland, NSW.
The horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her 'absolutely amazing' brother-in-law for his incredible feat.
She watched in horror as her stud farm in Woodberry, in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, rapidly flooded.
Pictures show the concentration on his face as he moves towards the animals and his concern as he struggles to lead them out of the water.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other's throats.
According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol.
Bystanders uploaded cell phone footage of the ugly brawl, which broke out around 10.30pm, to social media.
Sean Donohoe, 30, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV.
He persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia.
The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study published in the journal Conservation Letters says.
Leicester City beat West Ham United 1-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Andy King scored the winner in the 86th minute to keep the Foxes' Premier League hopes alive.
West Ham have not won away from home since December 2nd.
North West, 22 months, was baptised in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday.
The family had arrived in Paris after visiting Armenian church St James Cathedral.
Kanye, Kim and Khloe are reportedly planning to renew their wedding vows.
Nathan is attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester City.
The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Juventus lost 2-1 to local rivals Torino in Serie A on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for the hosts.
Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval.
Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with ​it'
The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times'
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride.
She told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home.
A rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital the next day.
Ann Malsbury, 22, attacked Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her home in Coventry to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
She then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade.
Malsbury was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint.
In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR.
The 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season.
Ramsey is a popular and respected man within the game.
Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants.
The 728kg monster, the work of grower Dale Oliver, was the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia.
Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
He suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance.
But he died two weeks later and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe.
Mr Gregory also survived a brain haemorrhage in 1947 and only retired from his role as a stunt pilot in 2013.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands.
She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd.
Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Mr Evans is currently locked in a court battle with rival fitness guru Emily Anderson.
Tori Spelling was at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, when she tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill.
Her doctor determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body.
She was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
Photos on her Instagram and Facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games.
The winger is expected to miss the Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
About 70 teenagers were involved in the violent brawl, and shut the event down without further disturbance.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
The German woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon.
Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied that if he ascended to the highest office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
Cruz was in town for the First in the Nation forum in Nashua, New Hampshire, on Saturday and pointed out that the constitutional scholar seemed to arguing that states’ rights should supersede
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
Referee Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are frontrunners.
Mayweather recently revealed he is within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
A surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections.
If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have baby at Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death.
She had spent 25 years with Barry McCarthy before their separation.
McCarthy, 51, had previously found out his wife was using dating websites.
But she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her.
A little later, he entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times.
Post-mortem revealed she had died from a stab wound to the heart.
UEFA have confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.
The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
She died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medical teams.
Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and her ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today.
The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
She has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
The young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets, but since a clip of Winter bouncing down her hallway went viral she's sharing these moments with more people than she ever imagined.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women.
He allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their sensitivity.
Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
The patients booked appointments with the Indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles.
Latheef is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of the assaults.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room.
The app is due to be released in June and will come as a free version with adverts or an ad-free version which will cost less than $8, or £5.48.
It will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital after a house party in Tamworth.
She was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs.
Her cousin has claimed she took the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.
The Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo hit the glass with such force it cracks.
The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
Video of the incident has had more than 126,000 views on YouTube.
Researchers from Manchester University have developed a new drug combination.
It targets cancer cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer affecting 70 per cent of patients.
These ‘oestrogen receptor’ cancers are currently tackled using hormonal treatments such as tamoxifen to reduce oestrogen levels or block ER function.
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, eight, is suicidal after being bullied.
She claims he tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating.
It was a reaction to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault'
Shupe claims Kaiden was diagnosed with clinical depression in October 2013.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Margaret Gretton, 46, banned indefinitely from teaching at Burton Joyce Primary School.
She referred to Asian job applicant as a member of terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
Panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions.
They heard she mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo'
Gloriavale is a New Zealand Christian community where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
One former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations.
Police have made a'social call' to the town this week and are urging anyone with evidence of abuse to come forward.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side.
The England midfielder injured his ankle against Manchester United.
Wilshere has been out of action since November with ankle injury.
Arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 at the Emirates on Tuesday night.
Porsche 911 Carrera crushed by builder's lorry in suburban street in Nottingham.
Both vehicles caught in traffic after cyclist was injured on nearby road.
Police said there were no life-threatening injuries reported and cyclist taken to hospital with minor leg injury.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
The Sky Sports pundit questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack.
Francis Coquelin has hit back at Henry and believes Giroud is worthy of his place in the first team.
Randy Boehning, a Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
Boehning sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in Bismark named Dustin Smith.
Smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia, which are unsurprisingly among the wealthiest on the planet too.
Despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the U.S. is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Unsurprisingly, the least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty, with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again,' said the now 83-year-old.
Jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her children with her.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, they were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed.
The Belgian midfielder has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal is in place.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted in Caykur Rizespor's 5-1 win against Fenerbahce.
The Poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes.
There were fears that the 30-year-old had suffered a heart attack.
But he appears to have given the all-clear after preliminary tests.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Mondayand, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
The last case in Loudoun was in January 2013.
Public Health and school district officials said they do not have reason
The business mogul and his wife, business journalist and author Suzy Welch, were speaking at an Answers to Correspondents event at the New York's Core Club.
Welch claimed that JWMI could provide a model for what the future of graduate education can be.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, during a botched sting on April 2.
Memo reveals colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggest the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
Bates has been out on $25,000 bond and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
She said he 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
It comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled.
Dubbing themselves the 'Milifans' the mostly teenage girls rallied support for the opposition leader using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol.
She began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital.
Doctors carried out toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona, 51, has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
The stunning set of images was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It was taken by body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who has been painting for more than 20 years.
He used different filters to achieve a range of effects including a light sepia edit, making the model even harder to view.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after he was found.
The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma.
His mother Tiffany, 35, said he had made a'miracle' recovery.
She said: 'I'm in shock and it still hasn't hit me that this actually happened'
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 23, 2013.
United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same games.
City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night and now trail United by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby.
Ashley Graham, 27, is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign.
The plus-size model says she's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14.
She says she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez.
AP McCoy will ride his last two races at Sandown racecourse on Saturday.
The 40-year-old rider insists he will never return to professional racing.
Redgrave famously said: ‘Anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me’
McCoy will be allowed to keep the Champion Jockey trophy.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service.
He was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone.
Garrod pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
But he began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm.
She immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
The Perth office bookkeeper was fired five days after the incident.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
The Congolese centre was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Pep Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto.
Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
The 44-year-old has a year remaining on his contract in Germany.
A quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers let him go this summer.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
He won 63 Test caps between January 1952 and February 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin (at a very good average of 27) and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
Their journey to Argeles-sur-Mer on France’s Mediterranean coast went without a hitch, despite being in the minority of travellers flying.
But the fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it.
It's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Estate agents say there has been a huge increase in valuations because of the announcement.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has closed its doors.
Owner Kevin and Crystal O'Connor said they would refuse to cater a gay wedding.
Pizzeria has been in operation for nine years and has received hundreds of reviews.
But supporters have hit back, raising more than $440,000 in just one day.
The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements.
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano.
The Welshman was pictured taking part in training on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face their second La Liga game in four days.
They travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday evening.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries to accompany your coffee.
From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait, here are Will's picks.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
But she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday.
The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress.
She is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin.
The man's girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted Sterling will not be sold.
But the Gunners believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal.
Here, Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for Sterling.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Despite the high price and some skepticism that consumers are keen to adopt a new generation of wearable technology, pre-orders have far exceeded expectations.
Lib Dem leader pledges to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy.
Car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for mansion tax.
Mr Clegg mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from welfare budget.
Harry Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals this season.
The Tottenham striker is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
Kane is up against the likes of Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize.
California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
While products such as this already exist, founder Elon Musk thinks they'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson.
The £260,000 GT was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday.
It walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception.
The light installation was placed in the heart of one of the world's most design-savvy cities.
Bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction the car has received.
Jeffrey Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator, who broke away from his party and caucuses with Republicans, said'mistakes like this happen'
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors in its heyday.
The once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors.
Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
David and Victoria Beckham want to install air-con in five rooms.
The A-list couple are restoring the Grade II listed mansion in west London.
Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about the impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction.
But council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
Burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets.
Sean Dyche is confident that if Ings starts to enjoy playing more, then the goals will flow for the striker.
Ashley Barnes says he's forgotten about Nemanja Matic incident.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Both boxers made public appearances on Tuesday as their $300million showdown draws closer.
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell looks ahead to the rest of the week.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up and the teen died at the hospital several hours later.
Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol.
Senior officials from the Secret Service and Capitol Police briefed top House members behind closed doors.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
The crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop on Sunday night.
He was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died in hospital.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested and charged with murder.
Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop.
Grieving family and friends have paid tribute to a 'top bloke' who got along with everyone and loved travelling, partying and going to festivals and sporting events.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was killed in Wembley two weeks ago.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
The Shire of Montana gives guests the chance to live like Bilbo Baggins for just under $300 (£200) a night.
The guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house.
Located in Trout Creek, about 100 miles south of the US-Canada border, the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
FA chairman Greg Dyke’s proposals to increase the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory.
They tricked the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
The invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain, the researchers say.
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.
They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
Comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Sir James Dyson is investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
The 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums.
Apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iWatch — which costs up to £12,000 — ran out of power.
The Greek island of Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day.
Jack Grealish has become the third Premier League star to be accused of getting high on 'hippy crack'
The 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide.
The selfie was taken in a hotel room about six months ago following a night out.
Grealish starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma.
Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse.
Muskogee police said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country.
Militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Iraqi forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling after months of ISIS pressure.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign.
This year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
The campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's and Debenhams.
Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Kylie Minogue, Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
England came within six points of claiming the Six Nations title.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development and watched on-loan Gary Gardner score.
Fabian Delph is arguably Villa's most important player and he's become a real leader under new management.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
Costa is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.
She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.
Her father, Prince Andrew, whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game.
Grealish is quick but has a languid style, like Steve McManaman.
Leicester have scored 10 in their last four, including three at Tottenham in a game they were unlucky to lose 4-3.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, was arrested at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
He has been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
The criminal complaint had been under seal since Oct. 28.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed into the garments.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool's players are not thinking too far ahead.
Liverpool last reached the final in 2012, when they lost to Chelsea.
Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need.
Sensors embedded in the wheels of shopping trolleys could tell retailers a shopper’s location in real-time.
This data could be used to manage queues and guide people to special offers.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan.
The Catholic was killed by loyalists in Northern Ireland in 1973.
His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general.
Sir Frank, who is now 88, said he had no connection to the case.
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby.
In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway.
The three-day Spring Steam Gala saw crowds flock to witness the annual event.
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner.
Everton defender reveals he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs.
Baines also reveals Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees' dressing room.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on April 15.
Neymar feels his team's tie with PSG will prove a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, but when Raymond failed to respond, he turned him over and saw blood on his face
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks.
She had posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake'
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night.
It will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Pastor John Hagee said the sight suggests a world-changing event will take place, as predicted in the Bible.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricket commentary box legend said 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap'
Benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty.
McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was'sorry for what she had to do'
Christopher Swist, who was only the father of the youngest slain child, said he had a close bond with the children, calling Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash'
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
The 34-year-old denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court.
He is standing trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu.
Both men deny the charges at the start of a three-week trial.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
'I wouldn't let her have a knife,' explained one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession.
It now lags behind only Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Morrisons and Co-operative.
Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as Aldi and Lidl.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward.
City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley when his contract expires.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart Liverpool.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton.
Petr Cech could be out of reach for Liverpool if PSG make a move.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold with Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season.
Brendan Rodgers is hoping Depay will choose Liverpool as his next destination.
Liverpool remain fifth in the Premier League table.
Vincent Cianni, 63, has spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military.
Many were discharged because of their sexuality, others were raped, assaulted and bullied, causing ongoing psychological damage.
Of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine said Clinton would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here.
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves.
Radiance pads promise to remove eyeliner and mascara.
They also retexturise and brighten skin and, in some cases, even do away with fine lines and age spots.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
The 28-year-old Londoner joked to Late Night host Seth Myers.
Harington, who plays Jon Snow, said he has spent five years filming in the city.
Tourism bosses say the show has helped Belfast to become one of the most popular city break destinations in the UK.
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy.
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk was spoiled.
Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
He will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on May 22.
Jessica Knight, four, has an appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
Doctors say they are unable to treat her because she has pica.
Other non-food items she devours include sand and cement from paving blocks.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover.
It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and possibly wearing it around the neck.
The treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the ancient medical texts.
More than 500,000 documents were found in an ancient rubbish tip at the Egyptian town, about 100 miles south of Cairo.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when quake struck.
But he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.
Mother Rasmila Awal, 35, told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy'
She said: 'I could think of nothing else but trying to save my baby'
Family now homeless and living in tarpaulin opposite flattened home.
Robert Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.
Durst's hands were shackled to his sides, and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of Cambridge river.
Mr Asbo was moved to location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Asbaby is said to have inherited bad temper from his grandfather, Asboy, and father Asboy.
Locals worried swan's behaviour will get worse as he gets older.
Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace.
Rangers have faced both of his former teams in the league this term.
Murray's Dumbarton side are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier.
Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to Charlie Pye on Friday.
Pye had applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese.
But she is also capable of sign language and is unlikely to engage in smalltalk.
The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on Monday and Tuesday.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Intel also showed off experimental designer Anouk Wipprecht's latest Spider Dress.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy.
Tragically, although for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive the radical procedure.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries.
Cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road at 10.03am.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures.
On July 31 Nike will see their agreement with the club expire.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families.
Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters, who were attending a formal, threw beer off the balcony.
According to reports the police were called and the hotel security responded. They managed to get the situation under control and
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the Bogan Shire Council in western New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve.
The cheeky African elephant has taken such a liking to the lodge's pools he has been nicknamed Troublesome.
Video footage shows the cheeky elephant wandering into the complex as if he owns the joint.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
Features lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood.
Underwood is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience.
The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two year-old daughter Story.
The father, who works as a florist arranging intricate displays, was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped.
City officials said that 'waste material or junk' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance's 'designed to protect property values'
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football.
He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Kasper Schmeichel has been named in as part of three Football League Team(s) of the Season.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and forward star Marco Reus, both injured.
Paul Pogba has met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer.
Stoke have made enquiry about Dnipro flyer Yevhen Konoplyanka.
Billy Vunipola, Steffon Armitage and Nick Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award.
The Saracens No 8 was named man-of-the-match following his side's 33-10 demolition of Munster in round five of the European Champions Cup.
Armitage has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The study, which looked at data from 1914 to 2011, suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years.
The New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon.
The blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come.
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July.
In July this year, New Horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit Pluto.
It was launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph (58,536 km/h) - 100 times faster than a jetliner.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
Mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin and can barely speak.
Her stomach regularly bloats with liquid, which is no longer being processed by her liver.
Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems.
Binge drinking is costing Britain £4.9bn every year - or £550,000 an hour.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach last year.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby since January.
They have raised enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral.
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
The couple have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the Royal Women’s Hospital.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg in the incident.
The truck driver braked heavily as Bazorov tumbled along the tarmac.
Bazarov was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season.
Video of the incident has gone viral on the internet.
Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly.
This means you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters.
It’s vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions.
The England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford has been defended by West Indies cricket legend Sir Curtly Ambrose.
Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series.
Stanford's five-year deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into the contract.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out.
She was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University have raised more than $12,000 for Theia's surgery.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner and Frank Lampard.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at Old Trafford.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
From a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
The Lemays let Jacob wear boy clothes, cut his hair short, and refer to himself as a boy at home.
Jacob was elated when strangers mistook him for a boy in his Prince Charming Costume.
Early tests have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care.
Scientists found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.
Early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Sleepless night were the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He made 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from Parma.
An elderly man has been bitten by a crocodile at a golf course in Far North Queensland.
The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, on Friday.
Officers found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds in a barber shop.
They then received reports that he had been dropped off in a white Audi.
But despite the best efforts of doctors, the 18-yr-old died two hours later.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living.
70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
Julie Sweet, 39, has lived alone for five years and has never been happier.
She is currently a Psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in Psychotherapy.
Travel through time with this Airbnb rental, which hark back to the earthy aesthetic of the Atomic Age.
In the 1960s, there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression - and that included interior decor.
The Colour House in Kendal, Cumbria, is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year.
‘Class A’ recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets.
A Health Department investigation has been launched to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students.
The other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and none show traces of recycled water.
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
One member highlighted how staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga.
The Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem.
Carlo Ancelotti is likely to bring Isco into the starting line-up.
Real are currently two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
The study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios.
Projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the IPCC are pictured here.
The Duke-led study says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors.
They claim these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade.
If not properly accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
The 52-year-old believes that covert racism still exists in football.
John Barnes' view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by Ramsey.
QPR travel to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Agnieszka Radwanska is the latest top seed to exit Porsche Grand Prix.
Italian Sara Errani dumped out the Polish seventh-seed 7-6 (8/6) 6-4.
The fifth seed Ana Ivanovic lost to Caroline Garcia on Tuesday.
Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas.
Nina Moric appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
The Croatian-born model claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure'
Italian media claimed Ms Moric tried to take her own life in 2009.
Ms Moric told her fans she was'shocked' by the suicide claims.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by Auction Team Breker in Cologne, Germany.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Her close friend Devan Rook said she had thought nothing of it when her friend went to the school nurse on Monday afternoon.
Public Health and school
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'the fat' and 'fatty'
Bianca Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the Federal Court in Sydney heard.
The siblings want to access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother developed problems.
Miss Mulligan is a patron of the Alzheimer's Society and said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Jose Mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy.
Muto admits it is an 'honour' to receive an offer from Chelsea.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London.
At the party in March, where Kate, 33, wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes, the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Gordon, who owns Naples Luxury Travel Advisors in Naples, said: 'I asked her if Prince George was excited about the new Prince or Princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler and is talking and walking'
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, were discovered early Wednesday one day after they were reported missing.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
Family of the Goslings are now trying to raise money for their funeral services, and have started a GoFundMe page.
New poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader.
Tories hope image will scare floating voters into their arms.
Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon uses article in Scottish Mail on Sunday to claim she can help 'lead the UK'
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in Test cricket.
Anderson took 384th Test wicket to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Botham's record was equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a rock.
Sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois.
Chief Steve Dumyahn said the argument was in fact a scuffle over a gun.
He said Howell had just taken a weapon from Tramond Peet, 18, who was trying to sell it to him.
Peet appeared in court on Monday charged with aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk about the history of binge drinking in Las Vegas this week.
He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
Many of the concerns of ancient authorities were strikingly similar to ours, according to Dr Bellis.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its flights.
The move is part of a package that will also include free checked baggage.
Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline.
Niamh Geaney, 26, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
The two sides met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.
Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead.
But it isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers.
Camellias are amazingly versatile. You can give them free rein or prune to keep them compact.
Potted camellias won't last as long as those in the ground.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders in the Shell Houston Open.
The 27-year-old is playing in his first PGA Tour event.
Day is tied for sixth place with Paul Casey and Justin Rose.
Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston.
Jordan Henderson has agreed a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal.
Henderson is expected to put pen-to-paper on improved terms.
His new deal will run until the summer of 2020.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines forced to cancel flights.
Walkout by France's biggest air traffic controllers’ union SNCTA will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on Friday.
Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his torso.
Three Good Samaritans frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - first using their hands, then hurling him into a snow bank.
Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, but died on Sunday.
Last month, Flowers's wife, Flora, said: 'He has bandages all over him. Just covered up with bandages'
Bricks fell nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk.
No one was injured during the accident but this minivan below the building was destroyed.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40% of weather events.
The scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test against the West Indies on Monday.
Anderson needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record 383.
Former Burnley team-mate Michael Brown reveals his early days.
Dental kits which allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns are on the rise as patients say they can't afford a visit to the dentist.
The kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops.
One of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is DenTek, who sell around 250,000 products a year.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
For about 18 million Euros (or £13 million), the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
Hameau du Temple, located near Uzes, in the South of France, is the perfect Provencal family summer home.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health.
Unite baron Len McCluskey has boasted that trade unions 'own' the Labour Party.
The boast comes 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged he would be writing Labour's budget.
It comes in a foreword to Unite’s magazine.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa in Portland, Oregon, was found guilty of discriminating against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
They said during compensation hearings that they had received death threats and were worried about losing their two foster children.
An administrative law court in Oregon ruled earlier this year that their constitutional right to expression of their religious beliefs superseded Oregon state law against discrimination.
Video was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden.
It shows two of the jumpers linking hands as they free fall from plane.
At that moment, the GoPro camera from one of the divers' helmets becomes detached and falls to the ground.
Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Georgina Bartter died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year.
Her friend Rebecca Hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death.
Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty.
She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers.
The 22-year-old could find himself leaving St James' Park at the end of the season.
Vuckic was deemed surplus to requirements to be shipped out in mass deal arranged when the previous board were still in place.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia.
The six-year-old suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
Incident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker.
However, it appears this latest edit was missed.
The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view.
A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
Her Majesty attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today.
She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event.
During First World War commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders.
Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.
The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
The left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture.
Patient A had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident.
But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed.
That's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic.
He claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face and denied any wrongdoing.
MPTS panel found that his fitness to practice was impaired.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
He was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there in May 1944, with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival.
During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed'
Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths.
Survivors from Auschwitz, who are plaintiffs in the case, travelled from the United
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
France in second, followed by the US, Canada and UK.
Business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the White House.
Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm.
Security consultant Bryan Seely created the fake listing to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend.
The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
Schumacher Junior finished second in the world, European and German kart championships last season.
He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race.
Le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August.
LeGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car.
The pair were charged with marijuana possession.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
The 19-year-old is being watched by some of Europe's top clubs.
Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are current frontline spin options.
Steve and Sarah Nick 'built up huge arsenal' after it was claimed they stole $50,000.
Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul.
Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services in August last year.
Bobby Brown, 46, visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
The New edition frontman took time out with one of the medical staff, who spent some time talking to him
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are to marry after reuniting.
The pair grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers.
Pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.
Mr Dodd, who is studying chemistry at Middlesbrough University, was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez gave away a $21,960 car for free on Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing.
She described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
Producers however decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales.
May is charged with a single charge of murder and is remanded in custody.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
He posted a mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on a conference room at a hotel in Manchester city centre.
They were suspected of being part of a larger, highly organised gang responsible for defrauding businesses across Europe out of jewellery and gold bullion.
The men had been negotiating the purchase of gold and gems worth £1.5million from Rockefeller’s in Manchester.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
He has developed what he claims is the'smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made'
Labour battling to fend off SNP landslide in traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage.
Tories rushed out poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon's pocket.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster.
McDonald's has installed metal studs outside its branch in Leeds city centre.
Critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough.
But McDonald's say it is only about anti-social behaviour.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
She said that while she had been nervous about giving birth to Chelsea and the impending responsibility, 'as a new grandmother... there is nothing but joy'
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta.
Back in 2007, the Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in America.
Price was known for her no-cursing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 to reach third round.
David Ferrer and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also through.
Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer in the third round on Wednesday.
Man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area.
He was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
In the video, the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police Taser is clearly visible on his white T-shirt.
Most sound from the incident seems to be muffled because it is filmed from behind a glass window.
The newborn cubs were discovered by a woman in a car park in Pennsylvania.
She noticed the box sitting next to a clothing donation bin.
When she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes sitting together.
They were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center.
Vets at the center said they know the cubs are red foxes because of their white tales.
Charity Bite-Back claims one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption.
Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as 'fish fin soup' or offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings.
The 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
Luongo joined Tottenham in January 2011 after impressing on trial from Australian semi-professional outfit APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson and mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, face felony conspiracy charges.
The GoFundMe page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend appealing for help for the Clawson family.
When shared by KESQ, the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
It is not clear how much money the page eventually raised.
Mrs Clawson produced a note from a doctor providing donors a
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth.
Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl.
Smita Haval Khamitkar, 38, and her two sons Arnav, 10, and Arush, 6, were found dead at their home in Tulsa, Oklahoma on Wednesday.
Police are still searching for a motive for the murder-suicide.
The father had recently changed jobs and that detectives would interview his current and former employers in an effort to learn if he was having personal troubles.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men.
They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing.
The total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
Clare Balding has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
The broadcaster, 44, said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
She married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year.
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, warns.
He reveals the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's hard-to-find husband.
The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony.
The images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials.
The latest images are the closest taken yet, and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
She will next appear in court on May 8.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department.
The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
During the procession, residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town.
A flag was waved at half staff next to a draped black cloth at the department as Officer Shawn Murray pushed him in a cart during the tribute.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked patients.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off.
Nurse Fiona White saw images of a semi naked man on his iPod Touch.
Valentine told her the image was of a patient's heroin injection site.
But Miss White and another nurse who saw it were suspicious and reported him to his boss.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge will have his fitness monitored.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral.
The Spanish royals are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for Uber during the off-season.
The Miami Dolphins defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app.
Francis is set to make $510,000 next season, according to NFL salary website Over The Cap.
An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said Thursday.
The noose was found early Wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the campus.
Officials say the student will be subject to Duke's student conduct process and that an investigation is continuing to find out if others were involved.
Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers.
She claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
'Make no mistake, these migrants are like cockroaches,' she wrote.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless on 191-mile hike.
Bedford Borough Council staff read article recounting his exploits.
They found he had spent a weekend walking in Wales days before application.
Gregory pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge.
He was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
Saving Place opens Tuesday at the Museum of the City of New York.
It traces the trajectory of the preservation movement in New York City, from the end of the 19th century up to the present day.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission was given a mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Owners of properties given designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods.
They covered their home in wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys.
Items were taken from the grave of Telan Carlton, who died aged 11 months.
Jowitt told police someone had sold her the items which she wanted for 'decoration'
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth Team League.
Goals from Izzy Brown and Dominic Solanke secured victory.
The Blues are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions.
They will play Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Watford are currently one point behind Championship leaders Bournemouth.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters.
It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic meet Bas van Velzen at Melwood.
Van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour were the subject of a mix-up involving Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18.
Fellaini was substituted at half-time but was dealt with in midfield by Kurt Zouma.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm)
Enner Valencia available for Hammers after toe injury.
Marc Wilson set to play for Stoke despite broken hand.
Jon Walters also in contention for West Ham after knee injury.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The north London club are looking at options to 'future-proof the design'
The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
The starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
But it had been flown halfway round the world to the store in Scotland, she found.
Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica.
The animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin on its under side.
Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog, given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century.
It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this strange characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after a poor clearance from Rob Green.
He removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
The British photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
She directed other women to portray the gradual emotional and circumstantial stages, along the well-trodden track of the broken-hearted.
Michelle Woods, 44, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
The four-foot red and orange corn snake is normally kept as a pet.
Ms Woods believes it may belong to the property's previous tenant.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern.
The top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Iker Casillas gave a young fan his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time break.
The veteran custodian alerted stewards and medical staff.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five and Karim Benzema netted a brace.
Man, who has not been named, shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride.
Nobody else was injured in the shooting, according to reports.
The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight.
He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Benaud was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Roads around St Louis, Missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour.
One town recorded more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy.
Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Kevin Gameiro scored a late equaliser to put Sevilla into the last four of the Europa League.
Sevilla were two goals ahead on aggregate, but Zenit could not hold on for extra time.
Vitolo had been brought down by Neto after five minutes.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School in New York.
Her scholarship recipients will be taking a two-week coding course, which costs $2,000 per student.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona.
The former Manchester United striker was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared to Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo’s 51 for Real Madrid.
Cantona was third in the Ballon d'Or in 1993 behind Roberto Baggio and Dennis Bergkamp.
Kardashian family visited St James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City.
They were there to baptise their daughter North, 22 months, on Monday.
The church is reputed to have been the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion.
Kim took to Instagram to share pictures from inside the historic building.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed.
Her grandfather Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer.
Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Benaud was on hand to talk viewers through Shane Warne's first test delivery for Australia in England in the 1993 Ashes.
Kyle Walker picked up a foot injury against Burnley earlier this month.
Tottenham confirmed Walker faces another month out of action.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot.
Walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused.
MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway.
In the Netherlands, the Keukenhof Gardens is home to seven million blooms, stunning waterways, windmills and a petting zoo.
The Cherry Blossom Fiesta is held in the Jerte valley, which is famed for its cherry trees and fields of lavender.
Pippa, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, left restaurant Margaux in Fulham.
Pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split earlier this year.
Miss Middleton wore tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and heart-print top.
Kentucky Wildcats defeated University of Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in NCAA semi-final.
The Badgers will now face Duke in Monday's final - the school's first final since 1941.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
One man climbed a flag pole to chant 'USA! USA!'
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
School security guards and staff manage to break up the fight.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
The 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades, is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia.
Jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration.
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a handball against Monaco.
The 30-year-old centre-half slipped onto the turf after slipping.
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 in the Champions League quarter-final second-leg.
They are the first Italian club to reach the semis for five years.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday.
The top seed made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence.
Rafael Nadal's first match of the tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, went missing in July 2013, after abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
She returned to the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas, weeks later, where she said she was'seeking the Lord'
The church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grave has now announced in a YouTube video that she is set to marry a church elder.
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states that comprise less than 5 per cent of the company's sales.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights.
McLaren and Honda made significant progress in Malaysia.
Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
Travel doesn’t come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad.
Laura Cody, 23, and Tanbay Theune, 26, have been criss-crossing the globe after leaving Birmingham in July 2013.
Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long work hours.
Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The Serbian world No 1 claimed his fifth Miami Open winner's trophy.
Djokovic will now be holding that distinction for the 141st week of his career on Monday.
Vincent Kompany was substituted in Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United.
Manuel Pellegrini claims he is not concerned by the mounting pressure over his position at the Etihad.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola and Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp have been linked with a move to City.
Sq Ldr Joll was involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft in 1940.
He was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach, but survived.
Ten minutes later his mother Mabel Joll received a telegram telling her son was missing believed killed.
She fainted, believing she had opened the door to a ghost of her son.
His incredible story came to light as his medals - including the Distinguished Flying Cross - were put up for auction.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
The striker has scored just twice in the Premier League this season.
Tottenham are in hock to him for one final year on £100,000 a week until his contract expires on June 30, 2016.
Survey finds Scotland is the most popular wedding destination in the UK.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside the country.
Tourism industry brought in £80 million last year alone.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August.
The relationship turned sexual in January, according to police.
Worthen allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
In another, he told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police about the relationship.
He was arrested on Friday and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation, child molestation
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘on business’
Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
Suzanne, whose CV glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering, insists they all ski or snowboard in their free time.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for two years.
He wandered off from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend.
The family followed some tracks in the soft grass and found the pig.
Caesar was shot dead by a state Department of Natural Resources officer.
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The actress, 47, appeared in Stylist magazine's 'Queen of Everything' feature.
She said: 'I'm not going to be forced to have to look different every time I go out'
This is the first time the Duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home.
The shooting left her paralyzed below the waist.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India.
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has become somewhat of a local celebrity.
Didier Drogba attended Chelsea's charity ball at London's Dorchester Hotel.
The Ivorian striker helped raise £400,000 for his Foundation.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme.
It doubles the number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
Property would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value.
The white female student was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking.
But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during a Premier League encounter back in January 2014.
Pardew has taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive.
The 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer Jeremy Snape, now a sports psychologist.
Toulon won back-to-back European crowns to signal the end of the Heineken Cup era.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title.
The Cote d'Azur outfit will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on Sunday, April 19 in the last four.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Harry Redknapp said Sterling should focus on his football.
Redknapp also said there is very little Liverpool can do to stop him.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
Stephanie Flanders, then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight, was the dinner's hostess.
Mr Miliband tweeted: 'Justine on clandestine Ed. Why has Mirror not named the host of that dinner? It was Stephanie Flanders'
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey.
The man ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart.
He said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of City's form.
Neville believes City chiefs are not entertaining the idea of replacing him.
City were humiliated by rivals United on Sunday as they lost 4-2.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
The pair are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents.
Sherwood hinted that if Ramsey's tenure at Loftus Road ends, he would ask to bring him to Villa Park.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball.
Defoe and his Sunderland team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The former Spurs forward scored a sublime volley as Sunderland defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography, visit strip clubs or tattoo shops, and take vacation cruises.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP support.
She demanded end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and hikes in minimum wage.
But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
It was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix.
The circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years.
Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images of the circuit.
Robyn Exton, 28, is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
She came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
But she struggled to find a girlfriend and decided to create her own.
Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters.
The app has since gone into decline seeing Josh seek a five million dollar investment.
Both Robyn and Josh seek the investment of Michael Birch the co-founder of Bebo.
David Cameron said he was a West Ham fan, despite supporting Aston Villa.
Tory leader has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade'
Cameron attended his first match at Villa Park as a 13-year-old.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same private school.
Mr Osborne attended St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s, where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year.
Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top'
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited Advantage day nursery in Surbiton.
They were supposed to promote Tory pledge to double free childcare.
But they were left stumped as they struggled with a children's jigsaw.
As the PM tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands, the Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan.
After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, the pair had more fun finger painting.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce, was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
He is now trying to relocate state employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the law.
Benioff said he will not be able to shut down the Salesforce sector in Indiana completely.
The company, which offers 'customer relationship management' to other companies, has a total 2,000 employees in the state.
ISIS thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra.
They are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
The video comes in the wake of a major blow for ISIS, with Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit falling into the hands of the Iraqi government.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer says that historians just don't have 'gaydar' when it comes to studying historic figures and that George was was 'basically a big queen'
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week.
The Guard was activated in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
Some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages.
One owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville.
The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.
He said nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville, which has a jurisdiction of about the size of the United Kingdom.
McShane recalled the wildest incident in his stint, the 2010 Birdsville Races, which saw torrential rains trap 5000 people inside the small town.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
Simeone is understood to have asked the Italian how life was in Madrid.
Ancelotti has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season.
The Champions League quarter-final first leg finished 0-0 after a physical game at the Vicente Calderon.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during his first game.
He did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled.
The incident occurred during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford City.
Sumner said he had no regrets about the incident, adding that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had'seen the funny side'
Amanda Goff is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort.
The 40-year-old said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of apparently 'better' mothers'
Ms Goff's ex-husband, Sydney banker David Basha, said he was disgusted with his former wife's decision to publicly announce her identity.
She spends one week as a full-time mother to her children.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute.
Steve Cotterill's side will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool for £8.5million in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused at the San Siro.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet.
The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Videos have also revealed that the animal has distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in Tibet.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at National Housing Federation.
She is a Labour party member and owner of a £1million house in Islington, London.
In reality she has been one of the country's biggest gainers from the private property boom.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood this week.
He says he came up with the idea for the piece while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago.
Plastic Jesus says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
Current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram.
A movie industry source told Page Six Weinstein gave her two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
Weinstein, 63,
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance as hosts at last summer's World Cup and said it was 'a disaster'
Chelsea held Arsenal to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry's performance as his best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, is becoming a popular tourist destination.
The memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening.
It said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year, a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Her son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents.
Michael Rule, 51, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule, and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April
NTSUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem'
Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation.
Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust.
He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools.
The former pupil, 18, became pregnant at the end of last year.
She has reportedly been boasting online about the three-month scan of her child.
A family member said he was 'the happiest he's ever been' because he is 'going to be a father'
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
The squad had originally been set to leave immediately after the game.
But a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown.
She abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials.
Jury threw out case against three Sun journalists and one former Daily Mirror reporter.
Campaigners questioned why CPS was still putting three journalists in dock.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Phil Neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping De Gea at Old Trafford.
Downton Abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show.
The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York.
It will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists.
Becky James has been out injured for a whole year.
The British cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, 49, was released from jail Friday night after spending nearly nine years behind bars.
Carrascosa moved her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.
When a Family Court judge in Bergen County ordered her to bring the child back within 10 days or go to jail, she refused.
She was convicted in 2009 of willful interference with child custody, which resulted in the prison sentence.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as Spurs took 2-1 series lead.
Clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in all-Texan series.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old could take over the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux has declared the festival a selfie-free zone.
He said that the 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed the event down.
Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender will star in the 68th ceremony.
Other nominees include Jia Zhangke and Paolo Sorrentino's 'Youth'
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.
They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal.
The Atletico Madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders during the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Paul Scholes has criticised the Atletico star for over reacting to the challenges made on him.
Five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male.
The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended Mrs Howe's white Lexus.
The car was pushed into oncoming traffic, and collided with a Hummer.
Mrs Howe's stepchildren are said to have 'lawyered up' because they are only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.
Sources close to the investigation believe Mr Jenner won't be prosecuted for manslaughter.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Clinton will travel to Iowa and other early-voting states to hold small events with residents in the days after the video's release.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday.
He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but ICC chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.
The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Jose Mourinho started Willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind Eden Hazard and Oscar.
Oscar was substituted at half-time having not recovered from the blow with Ospina.
The trio have an element of fantasy about their game, with those delightful touches around the corner and the clever wall passes that they can play at will.
Mourinho has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch were on ABC's Q&A on Monday night discussing alcohol and depression.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
She claimed he asked if her breasts were real before touching them.
Manhattan District Attorney's office concluded criminal charge is 'not supported'
Weinstein, 63, is married to British-born fashion designer Georgina Chapman.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton was sacked by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body’s management board ahead of their spring meeting today.
Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job of director of English cricket.
Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a contender.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries, with each one taking anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes to complete.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings, and he has handed out five-star reviews to top attractions.
Oriol Romeu is currently on loan at Stuttgart.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Aston Villa and Liverpool clash at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-final.
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month.
She has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax.
But on the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Mr Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America.
Alistair Brownlee won the World Triathlon Series in Cape Town.
The 27-year-old tripped during the run leg of the cycling stage.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Archael virus infects primitive forms of life that live deep beneath ocean floor.
Virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
The discovery raises the prospect that life may still be clinging on deep underground on planets such as Mars.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday.
A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson.
Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
He shares his tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay.
Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Sunday.
Leicester City host Swansea City in the FA Cup semi-final.
Reading host Arsenal in the Football League on Monday night.
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian, China, has not spoken a word in five days.
He drank water laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank.
But medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk.
They say the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building.
Kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
AC Milan's starting line-up which defeated Liverpool in 2007 had an average age of 31y 34d.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy were left to play in front garden of Doncaster home.
But they were snatched when the couple weren't looking and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
The theft has been reported to the police and the pairs owners are offering a £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets to writer Noel Clarke on Twitter.
Mr Clarke said he viewed Deacon as a friend and fell out over work.
Deacon was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
It took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
The show centers on Lucious Lyon, played by Terence Howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over his company, Empire Entertainment.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended FBI agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny Pacqiao's trainer Freddie Roach has labelled Mayweather Snr a 'terrible cornerman'
Roach insists that Mayweather would be better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger.
Vaccine is based on animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus.
When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago.
The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible.
While their test applies only to Raven II, other surgical robots that use similar teleoperation were likely also at risk.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose.
The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
Sportsmail can exclusively reveal what the shield will look like.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a recluse.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again,' she told MailOnline.
Steven Sloan, Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat.
The encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded near Dungog, a small town in NSW Hunter Valley region.
He managed to get hold of a brown horse in what was once a field surrounded by a fence.
In one photo, a startled brown horse attempts to flee as the man is kicked backwards into the water.
The NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' as the storm slowly moved down the south coast.
James Weld has stumped up £15,000 to restore a public path to Durdle Door.
The steps to access the popular tourist attraction were washed away in 2012.
Since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a cliff to reach the shore.
Natural England said they were happy the steps had been reopened but declined to comment on Mr Weld's claims.
Navinder Sarao, 36, was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home.
His family's semi-detached house in suburban West London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges.
He is accused of using computer programs to create'spoof' transactions on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence.
Sarao spent a third night in custody last night after failing
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach.
Hurst then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 free childcare spaces.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Tories have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
Pope has been vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Court accepted defense argument that they were pursuing passion for plane spotting and had no ill intent.
Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border in areas such as healthcare and university fees.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
The 31-year-old was kicked and punched more than 20 times by a group of men.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
An online support group called Support Gareth has attracted over 1,500 likes on Facebook.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail.
Investigators say that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and 'counter steer' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck.
Terry, 35, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson doesn't face any traffic charges since the accident took place on a closed track, and there are no
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old when she was admitted to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic.
She was placed into foster care and later adopted by her adoptive mother Michele.
'Now I have a home that is nice and I have three nice meals a day,' she wrote.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer.
Olivier Giroud and Papiss Cisse have had their seasons interrupted by injury and suspension, while Murray was out on loan at Reading until January.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana.
The pair caught a Bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock.
Suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster.
Sound of the fish making impact with the youngster’s face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks.
Former England star Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is running out of time.
Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Flintoff says Alastair Cook is so important to England.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines.
The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
It comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him.
The managing editor of the newspaper can be heard yelling 'He's a photographer! He's press!' to no avail.
Giordano says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but that they will not stop him from continuing to photograph the Gray protests.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
He thought a rock had struck him in the face but after going to Memorial Hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire.
The metal wire was removed in a 20-minute sinus surgery and Parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff.
Jarvis, a Spelman College graduate, joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she joined Senator Obama's office.
She worked on Obama's 2008 campaign and then Michelle's staff leading up to the election before becoming her top personal aide.
Travel along the Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
It took Molly, Dylan and I three weeks to do it, and we fitted so much in during that time it's difficult to even do it justice.
The scenic route winds through some of California's most wonderful, ever-changing scenery.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from the nine-storey building's 239 other flats into her apartment.
Her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she says she now hopes to move.
Ronda Rousey was a huge WWE fan at Wrestlemania 31.
She made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
Rousey wants to 'find a way' to return to the WWE after taking down co-owner Stephanie McMahon.
The UFC women's bantamweight champion will fight Bethe Correia on August 1st.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m per year for Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
If all ice were to be spread across the surface of Mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre) of ice.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday.
The Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family.
At the same time, David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail.
A number of Labour MPs are concerned at Mr Miliband’s decision to appear in a third TV debate a week on Thursday.
The unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film.
The cel was used as a master version from which artists created all other images of the wacky vessel.
More than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques.
Yellow Submarine led onto The Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
Sam Allardyce launched a tirade at fourth official Robert Madley during West Ham's 2-0 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday.
The Hammers boss was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing.
Allardyce was unhappy with Downing for giving away possession in the build-up to City’s second goal scored by Sergio Aguero.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, stabbed Ricky James 39 times.
He told his mother he enjoyed knifing James after luring him into woods.
Pate told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off'
Also said he cut James with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween'
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
Abramovich has been trying to buy a home in the fashionable Neve Tzedek quarter of Tel Aviv since 2008.
The 30-year-old model, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
Only days after welcoming her son into the world, Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot.
The Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes to conserve energy.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children.
The Hollywood blockbuster was due to premiere in Russia today.
Culture ministry said it distorted history as it celebrated victory over Nazi Germany.
Move to effectively ban a major mainstream Hollywood film is unprecedented.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh.
She left a share of her £2million fortune to charity groups.
The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio.
Ms Cowan asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name.
It will have funds of around £325,000 and will be used to help pupils.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Jason Denayer is set to return to Manchester City on loan next season.
The defender has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
Denayer had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
But last week he changed his tune to give Ronny Deila some hope of retaining his services for another season.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the DEA since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The DEA declined to comment today on the reports by CBS and CNN.
Leonhart said there was ‘no evidence’ that sensitive info had been leaking but it’s ‘absolutely’ possible that.
information had been compromised.
She has been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the mammoth omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and was made using 150 fresh eggs.
The overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein, 16 times recommended daily amount for a man.
More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia'
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
A further 16 people were charged with possession of MDMA tablets and three others were issued Criminal Infringement Notices.
During the operation 160 people were searched by drug dogs.
Four people were taken to Concord Hospital suffering drug related illnesses.
Fantasy Café in Hangzhou is one of the first establishments in China to charge an 'air-purifying fee'
The café has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day.
The decision has proved popular among customers, who are mainly students and white collar workers.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea as they beat Leicester 2-1 at the King Power Stadium.
John Terry levelled for the hosts with a close-range finish that Kasper Schmeichel could not stop.
Ramires scored his third goal of the season with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
Drogba's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour - leaving Kasper in the Leicester goal no chance.
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes.
He bought a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji.
After picking up the chair, the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
QPR could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Nick Woodman, 39, is set to be named America's highest-paid CEO of 2014.
He clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumped to second place, Chenerie Energy's Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
The E! star, 40, was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on her way to a Today Show appearance.
In her memoir, the Fashion Police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell, who she first met in San Diego.
Their romance turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma in December 2014.
She played four games and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer.
But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device.
This air is moved through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan.
These channels have been designed to reduce how much drag the air flow is subjected to as it moves through the 'ball'
The Q fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back they let out screams.
But when they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes.
After bungying up and down for around a minute the slingshot slows down.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Aston Villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining.
Tim Sherwood is confident Villa can secure their Premier League survival.
Villa face Manchester City in the FA Cup final on Saturday.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the game.
PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2 in the French Cup semi-finals.
Labour has jumped to 35%, up one point from last month, according to Ipsos MORI.
Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33%, according to the poll for the Evening Standard.
Only a third of the public see Miliband as a 'capable leader'
David Cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having 'a clear vision' for the country.
The innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries.
Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span.
She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio.
In court documents, Santana admitted to strangling and stabbing Frazio to death, and then having sex with her corpse.
He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog.
Jurors also heard that Santana even messaged a friend and forewarned what was to come, claiming he was going to 'gut' someone.
This came just days after Santana's lawyer argued that he is not competent to stand trial following
Dr Frederic Brandt was found hanged inside his home in New York City's Upper West Side on Sunday morning.
The cosmetologist was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Brandt, who suffered from depression, was reportedly fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients.
A police report revealed Brandt had suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself.
Scientists say organic milk contains a third less iodine than normal milk.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Because milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet, switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, they warn.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures.
On Wednesday, Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
She had met the boy at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages, but last year, the messages became sexual.
They allegedly exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last night.
Pep Guardiola wore tight, grey suit with navy pullover, black tie and white shirt.
Other famous faces have fallen foul of the skinny look.
Dermot O'Leary, Olly Murs and Daniel Craig have all fallen foul.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The 27-year-old bared his bum to all at the Hyland Race Colours Plate.
Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies.
Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson.
The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion.
Kaka knelt in the centre circle after AC Milan's Champions League win in 2007.
The Brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement 'I Belong to Jesus'
I can't remember anybody screaming that what Kaka had done was a 'disgrace'
The idea that anybody might do that is absurd, right?
What about the high profile Bible Group that exists on golf's PGA Tour and boasts major winners such as Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson among its members?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, YouGov found.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Three most likely to vote Labour were Michelle, June and Andy.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, after reports of a stabbing.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is one of the most controversial photographers in the fashion industry.
He is known for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots.
This week he faced accusations from model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
In a new interview with Vogue, it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the 'Cat Daddy' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician.
He apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
Shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block.
Nathan was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
FireChat has been downloaded more than five million times.
It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apple’s iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF)
This lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network.
Apple uses the framework for its AirDrop feature, for example, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
Sergio Aguero was a star at Atletico before being replaced by Radamel Falcao.
Diego Costa has now become that bloodied battering-ram Mario Mandzukic.
The secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret.
Detective Ian Cyrus was caught on camera stealing cash from a Brooklyn deli.
Store manager Ali Abdullah said he saw him grab a handful of cash from the rent money box under the counter.
Mr Abdullah said the detective then bends down and appears to put the money in his coat pocket.
Detective Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri's side have conceded only four goals in eight games.
Allegri believes Monaco will be a different proposition to Borussia Dortmund.
Veteran midfielder Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury.
The tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate.
But instead of getting lucky, the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back.
The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care.
After just one month, a GoFundMe page started for the cause has received some $11,000 in donations.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie named after Elvis Presley's daughter.
They have been at the estate since the mid-1980s.
Presley bought them for $900,000 in September 1975 - less than two years before his death.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
United fans are seeing the best of Ander Herrera and Marouane Fellaini.
Juan Mata and Ashley Young have been big positives this season.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
She was pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48)
Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
But the club claimed the total theft amounted to £26,000.
Hughes, 31, was jailed for 16 months at Salisbury Crown Court.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair will slug it out at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown.
Pacquiao took to his Instagram account to share a video of his morning run.
Mayweather posted a video showing the American boxing star hitting the streets for a late night jog.
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle 'disrespectful'
Derby manager insists his sole focus is on promotion at the end of the season.
John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
She said the agency's lack of action over Chloe's mother's drug use was a complete failure.
The South Australian government is expected to respond
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from capital.
But soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims.
Criticism comes as one of the four gunmen has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official.
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Men were moderately more likely to fall into the utilitarian camp, while in women there was a very pronounced trend to go the opposite way.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today.
They are accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar sales.
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecutors described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
All face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than £1million.
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
The gang received £60,000 a week from the sale of unlicensed medicines during 2011 alone - a turnover of more than £3million.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
Animal charity has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act.
Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt.
The stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works.
The group of 40 tourists took part in a number of exciting activities, from white water rafting to hiking.
But it seems that Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday.
Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday.
The IFA is awaiting a report from structural engineers.
Northern Ireland face Romania in a Euro 2016 qualifier on June 13.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban champion Richar Abril.
Abril was forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
Mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot.
Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually.
It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
The final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Researchers quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about drinking habits.
Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol.
Study also revealed that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six% were classified as adult only.
Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents Dinner on Saturday night.
She poked fun at the president's inner circle and assembled media, including Hillary Clinton and NBC at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom'
One of Strong's best jokes was when she said Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
Laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school in Raqqa.
It lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses.
Also lists the importance of English - saying candidates will not be accepted without knowing how to speak and understand the language.
English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced in the UK.
Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge.
At some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
She was eventually booked into a local jail where she kicked a police officer.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG)
She raised more than $1.5million for research into the cancer.
LeBron James, 30, posted emotional farewell letter to her via Twitter.
He praised her for her 'leadership', 'courage' and'strength'
James, who had never met Lauren, wrote: 'You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc!'
He added: 'Don't have too much fun up there w/o all your family and friends
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour in 10 marginal seats.
Ukip leader admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old centre-back has been at the club for five years.
Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday after taking just 19 points from a possible 72.
Caldwell is the Football League's youngest manager.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was arrested last Saturday for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her daughter and her friends.
The mother-of-five had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her divorce from her husband.
But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed the teenagers to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her.
She was arrested after sharing details of the incident with
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night.
Gary Mackay-Steven and Jim McAlister scored for the hosts.
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games.
The 41-year-old man is accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
He is said to have posted the derogatory statements after watching a news bulletin about the war in Iraq on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both.
Prosecutors are now looking for the toughest punishment possible under the country's cyber-crime laws.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City in southern China's Guangdong Province.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a mountain of rotting fish on the shore.
Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
The menu, priced at $65 per person, plus $49 with wine pairings, is a five-course set meal.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was last seen on April 21 in Rhydyfelin, Wales.
Her body was found dismembered at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on Friday.
Christopher May, 50, will appear in court tomorrow charged with murder.
Family today paid tribute to 'kind-hearted' and'selfless' Ms Woodford.
They said: 'Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone'
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record.
This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures, melting of polar ice and glaciers, and rising seas.
Players with 60 caps playing overseas will be eligible to play for Australia.
Players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons.
Will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year, while Wycliff Palu is decamping to Japan.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for Judith Chalmers were the Ruins of St Paul’s.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Liverpool boss Rodgers believes Sterling can fulfill his potential.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
The technique works by measuring the ‘sodium signal’ from distant worlds.
When a planet passes in front of its star, the intensity of this signal varies.
Depending on how weak or strong the signal is, it is possible to work out how hot the planet is.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, was reportedly shot dead by her Marine veteran husband.
Eric Heath Price, 25,'shot her in the head in Alabama doctor's office'
He then returned to nearby home and staged standoff with police.
He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head.
Price has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was a nursing student.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
The former US Open champion, 44, carded a final round eight-under-par 63 to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt.
Kisner also tied at 18 under when he sank a birdie with his final putt.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in the semi-final of Monte Carlo.
The world No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disneyland opened in California on July 17, 1955, with 10,000 people expected.
In 1955, an adult ticket cost a mere $1, with additional charges for attractions.
Even with the extra costs, the average spend was $2.37, and included parking charges of 25 cents, admission, rides, amusements and souvenirs.
The total cost for creating Disneyland was $17million, which is nothing when you compare it with the cost of Splash Mountain $75million in 1989 and $100-150million for Indiana Jones Adventure in 1995.
Producer Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of a track entitled I Won't Mind, but has since taken it down.
The video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two.
It also enraged Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
Louis tweeted at the producer: 'Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you're so inconsiderate pal, seriously how f****** old are you? Grow up!'
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre says police acted 'outrageously'
Karen Davis was reported for flashing her breasts on Google Street View.
The 38-year-old handed herself into police voluntarily.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy caused by her actions.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
They found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Koepke had been banned from keeping pets until May 2015.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old has also been arrested for preparing acts of terrorism.
His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of 1970s band Boney M.
Mr Mitchell founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where Abdul Hadi Arwani was a preacher until 2011.
He was arrested on Wednesday night and has been charged with murder.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn.
Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Issues Yoes has been cited for include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final.
Kerber had beaten Andrea Petkovic in the semifinals.
Keys won her only WTA title, at Eastbourne last June.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Blackpool in the third minute.
Darren Bent added a third for Derby inside the half-hour mark.
Tom Ince scored his second goal of the night in the 28th minute.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, already has 13 children, and her story will be featured in a TV documentary.
Her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs.
Demetri Nelson, 27, allegedly broke into a home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home.
Nelson was unable to drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
He was arrested and charged with kidnapping and armed robbery.
Luo Kun Kun was banished from his village when locals signed a petition.
They said he 'provokes fear among the community' and was a 'ticking time bomb'
But now a specialist school in Linfen, China, has stepped in to help.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.
The Ultimate Bear Safari tracks polar bears, grizzly bears and spirit bears in Arctic Canada, the Arctic Circle, Alaska and British Columbia.
The rarest animal that guests can hope to see is the critically endangered Siberian Tiger in Russia.
Guests can spend nights in eco lodges like the domes at Patagonia Eco Camp in Chile, and aboard ships such as the MS Malmo.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, is £638,217.
The seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759.
This is more then the average cost in some of the UK's most expensive cities.
For those who want a room with a water view, that will cost you even more.
Natasha Willard, 17, fell ill while studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran.
She appeared to have the flu just before Christmas and her condition worsened.
Doctors have told her family they are unsure if she will make a full recovery.
They are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again and are worried about the reaction of people when she is discharged from hospital.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the Ivy League school.
The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz.
Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his syndicated talk show.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
Carlisle manager says football was always his priority after ending his playing career.
The 51-year-old won three England caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final last weekend.
Josh Meekings was sent off for handball after extra-time.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Rand Paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists including, Savannah Guthrie.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
His woes began with an early morning sparring match on TODAY with Guthrie over perceived flip flops on foreign policy issues.
A disgruntled Paul cut her off and said, 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?'
A liberal opposition-research group
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
The seven-year-old was microchipped and was able to trace his owner.
Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds.
Ulster and Ireland prop had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes'
Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online.
Her first pair sold for $70.
Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground.
Police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box.
Godiva's Alter Eggo is made with hair, eyes and a smile.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker told AL.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta.
Six-year-old boy had 13 teeth taken out two years ago due to sugar diet.
He must stay in care of his local authority due to poor dental health.
Details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Boro's buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford.
Derby have not won in seven games under Steve McClaren.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama, last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm.
The fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
But Dr Des Spence warned that newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit.
He said manufacturers were more concerned about making a profit than their customers’ wellbeing.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara scored a century for Surrey.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne as she lay flowers.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened.
Norris was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
News comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
'I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards,' she says.
But that's not the reason she believes she'd be perfect for the role.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 2-1 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's early own goal gave the visitors a slim victory.
Aitor Karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the Premier League.
The driver of the car, a 16-year-old girl, was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for more than four hours.
The girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal.
Two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, who have also not been identified, managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that Rapiejeko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car.
Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006.
In December 2008, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in 38 appearances for Preston this season.
Davies' latest injury is self-inflicted as he inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016.
The 23-year-old can play full back, wing or centre.
Piutau has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly.
Most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless.
But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in management.
The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986.
Ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute following a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas equalised for Roberto Martinez's side in the 74th minute after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
John Stones doubled Everton's lead after his superb header had doubled the visitors' lead.
The result was Louis van Gaal's biggest defeat as United manager.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder in a moment of madness.
Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey in the Mexican league.
Zavala later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.
He appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Relations between Moscow and Washington have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student.
Allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting her.
The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Mayweather was welcoming Mariah Carey to his Las Vegas gym.
Pacquiao made his latest appearance on Kimmel's talk show.
Oscar Hernandez Jr, 24, has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his namesake's murder case.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: ‘The English boys don’t learn’
West Indies toiled to 188-5 on day one of the second Test.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
He insisted UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
Experts warn up to 30,000 migrants could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled.
Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off Libya.
Second spectacular blast from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash.
The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Another unexpected eruption in the Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
Ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Previous and equally violent eruptions at
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican.
He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
The Royal Children's Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million.
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported the calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
Scores of worshippers congregated at Brisbane's St John's Cathedral to mark the most important date on the Christian calendar.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child.
His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school.
He then refused to leave the family house for years.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Aaron Finch must recover from hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
David Cameron and Nick Clegg have seen falls in their levels of dislike.
But Ukip's Nigel Farage remains the most unpopular party leader.
England beat West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test.
Alastair Cook was dismissed for 13 runs against the Windies.
Cook has not scored a century yet but is making good half-centuries.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen distanced herself from comments.
She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Assistant Steve Thompson has been suspended by the club.
Thompson is understood to have been told he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
Doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight.
She has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will then move to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Devon.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
If successful, she will be on the path to citizenship.
Heather Mack, 19, could spend 15 years in jail for murder of her mother.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack's body was stuffed inside a suitcase in Bali.
Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly visited Mack today.
He said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start life in a prison.
Mack also said she wanted baby Stella Schaefer to be baptised.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits.
Images include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
The images, captured by anonymous travellers, were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband, American Sniper, Chris Kyle.
Kyle broke down in tears on the stand during the first day of the trial.
She has also written a new book, 'American Wife: A Memoir of Love, War, Faith and Renewal'
Tommy Thompson, 62, led excursion to SS Central America in 1988.
Ship sank off Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Thompson and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, admitted contempt of court.
Under plea deal he will not have to testify about haul he found.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay.
Amazingly Phillips of Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
The SNP's deputy leader Stewart Hosie has threatened to hold Westminster to ransom over Trident if the party holds the balance of power after the general election on May 7.
Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo said it had the facilities available and had been visited by submarines from the UK and the US in the past.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old from Leicester beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final.
Selby returned to ease 6-3 ahead of Kurt Maflin in their first-round tussle.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently' and weren't as adept at playing chess as men.
He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Charlie Adam scored a 66-yard goal against Chelsea on Sunday.
The Stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this Easter weekend.
Adam's strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance.
Researchers scanned the brains of people reading passages from the Harry Potter books.
They found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
The emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings.
Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity', or the extent to which it affects the reader and their view of the word or text.
These properties are normally used for words in isolation, which can be categorised as negative, neutral, and positive.
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, towered over Explorer of Seas.
The cruise liners, which are both owned by Royal Caribbean, will both be based in Southampton and serve Europe and the Mediterranean.
As the season comes to a close, the ship will move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation.
She also frequently needed to urinate and had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis.
It was only when she stumbled across a post on her Facebook timeline that she realised it could be cancer.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber.
The father-of-three was only on his second shift at Premier Stores in Manchester.
CCTV footage shows the robber vault the counter before wrestling with the cashier.
Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in Palmers Green.
It allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678.
Ora was due to stand trial this week but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
She claimed masterminds of the fraud had threatened her then two-year-old daughter.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox on Sunday night.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored in the first half.
Stuart McCall's side moved into second place with six games remaining.
McCulloch was sent off for a reckless challenge on Osman Sow.
Genero Zeefuik scored a late consolation for Robbie Neilson's side.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
Boykin was fired in Nashville after becoming obsessed with a coworker.
He was found with 92 videos of the victim, 29 taken from the airport bathroom, and 1,527 photographs.
Investigators found additional images taken inside the woman's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom, which they believe suggested he intended to plant hidden cameras at some point.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
AS believe the annulment of the booking is key.
Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
If Barcelona beat Sevilla, then they're 'halfway to La Liga'
Pictures show paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border.
Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger.
The shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her doppleganger, Karen Branigan, 29, in Dublin.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a social media project called Twin Strangers.
The aim of the project was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world.
Pauline McKee, 90, thought she hit it big in 2011 when she put a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee had actually won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the club.
Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
He told the court attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of export permit will bolster claim that Beaching A Boat, Brighton was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg took it easy in second practice in Bahrain.
Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.
The circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade respectively.
Mercedes' nearest rivals again Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel finished second and third respectively.
William Schultz, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home.
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses alternative medicine.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck.
Poulter has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past.
Wladimir Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years.
The Ukrainian superstar will face Bryant Jennings on Friday.
Klitschko won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996.
Amal Clooney, 37, tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since.
From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses, she always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
The 21-year-old has been practising in the United States.
Robson's next target is the French Open in May.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets.
Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
William and Kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
Kate, 33, was spotted in Zara Home in Kensington High Street.
She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry.
Lord Macdonald QC was Director of Public Prosecutions from 2003 to 2008.
He said CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing.
That decision meant Lord Janner, now 86, was able to escape prosecution for eight years.
Comes after it was revealed he attended the Lords almost daily and claimed £100,000 in expenses in four years after he was diagnosed with the disease.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week in Augusta.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence.
Two of his closest associates sat as directors until King forced them out.
Ashley gave the club's old board a £5million loan in January which remains outstanding.
Poll of Scotlans shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for SNP.
Just 25 per cent backing Labour, robbing him of any chance of majority.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government.
But she insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday.
Tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee.
The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale's calf injury.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
The striker is wanted by a host of Premier League clubs including West Ham and Swansea.
Hernandez has only started twice in La Liga for Carlo Ancleotti's side.
Le Femme is a finishing school for transgender women in New Jersey.
It offers training to those undergoing sex change operations or cross-dressers.
The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping transgender women.
She charges from $44 (£30) to $400 (£270) per session.
Technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint.
The team have already patented the optical part of the system, which is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy.
Scottish Conservative Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today.
Booker Prize winner Hilary Mantel's novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage.
The author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway.
In preparation, the title of her second book has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'
Mantel said she believed the Broadway version of her books will be a hit.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services.
The tweets were met with disgust by Twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre.
'The cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that Australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society,' McIntyre tweeted.
SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee's beliefs.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
United have won all five of their Premier League matches in Van Persie's absence.
Louis van Gaal's side face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Gavin Daly, played by Pete Davidson, refers to the attack as 'the best day of my life'
He tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit.
At the end of the scene, the witness even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand.
Viewers have slammed the sketch, calling it 'gross' and 'not funny'
YouTube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times.
The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere.
A squeaky backing track is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
Kanye West penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
The 37-year-old rapper also wore a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori.
He said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars.
Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun.
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic, said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world.
Aldi opened its doors in Avlaston, Derbyshire, at 8am this morning.
More than 200 people queued outside the store to get their hands on prizes.
Former Derby County player Craig Ramage cut the ribbon at the event.
The store will create 29 jobs and will have a car park.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll.
Nazarbayev said: 'If I had interfered, I would have looked undemocratic'
Luis Suarez scored twice in the 79th minute to make it 3-0 to Barcelona.
The Uruguayan scored his second goal in as many games for the Catalan giants.
PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu was sent the wrong way for the second time.
Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals than any Champions League team away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, has been placed on FBI's Most Wanted list.
FBI has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
John Terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time.
Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea for Premier League clash on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young among stars who travelled to London via train.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind ruled out of clash due to injury.
Juan Mata returns to Old Trafford for first time in two-and-a-half seasons.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo also absent from trip to west London.
Apple announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
As part of the deal, Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
Apple is also promising to use more renewable power overseas, where Apple relies heavily on contract manufacturers.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island.
When they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head.
PC Bird stepped in to save him but as he did he was shot in the hand.
Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty of GBH.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in December last year.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are set to fight on Saturday.
The MGM Grand bout in Las Vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the bout.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character.
Mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve unnaturally sharp cheekbones.
Her bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Promise has been posting YouTube make-up tutorials for six years.
Video shows Thabo Sefolosha being wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops.
It happened on the same night as Pacers star Chris Copeland was stabbed.
Copeland and his wife Katrine Saltara were stabbed outside a Chelsea nightclub.
They were rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges.
Derby drew 2-2 with Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday.
Steve McClaren's side are without a win in seven games and six points off the top two.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead in the 23rd minute.
But a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling.
Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting his Hampton Bay home at the time and flew home on April 1, two days after the pair went missing.
He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945.
At its peak in 1950, the fleet consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year.
Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
The mysterious cardboard signs have appeared in the Surrey village of Milford.
One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'
The lovelorn writer also said told how they had 'never been happier'
In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension.
The midfielder missed the defeat to West Ham United on March 21.
Dick Advocaat will welcome him back to the club on Sunday.
Sunderland sit just a point clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Italian bio-designers MHOX have unveiled the MHOX Eye concept.
It is designed to replace and enhance the vision compared to a normal eye.
They plan to combine biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology.
This could provide additional functions and give super human eyesight.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches.
Roberto Mancini insists the reports are 'completely made up'
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire earned the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
It was the failure of referee Paul Tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Professor Roberts says apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls.
Empathisers are people who enjoy breaking down and analysing systems.
In women the two fingers are typically the same length.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
All four children were taken to St Christopher’s Hospital for Children for evaluation and were found to be in good condition.
Neighbors were stunned to learn of the allegations against the mother of four, whom they described as a hard-working airport employee and nursing student.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in the past year.
Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
They are sold for the equivalent of £625 a bear and smuggled to China.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins this season.
The defender was named Sky Bet League 1 Player of the Month for March.
City currently lead Preston North End by 10 points.
Mesut Ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
The German star says he was off the pace at the start of the season.
Ozil says his injury has helped him recover after a busy schedule.
Germany star says 10 years of playing football had taken their toll.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, charged with sexual battery.
Allegedly assaulted unconscious girl at Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida.
Footage allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl.
Police uncovered the video during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama.
Martistee is a promising track star at Troy University, but he has since been removed from the team.
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished.
It is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers.
The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp.
They found 60 per cent of the prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics, and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio, both of which can cause serious food poisoning.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Indonesia's Vice President Jusuf Kalla said withdrawing an ambassador was a normal diplomatic protest.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke.
After changing her diet and exercising, she shed 8st and is now a size 12.
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference.
She has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the conference.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway on the M25.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured motorcyclist.
But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
They tweeted: 'This is dangerous. We ask that people remain in their vehicles'
Nadine Crooks, 33, was stunned to discover she was expecting again.
Doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome.
The mother-of-four stopped taking the Pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last November.
Thabo Sefolosha was arrested for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene.
The Atlanta Hawks star was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers.
He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antic and charged with obstructing governmental administration.
Police have launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force when overpowering the player.
Charities welcomed move to create new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only Liberal Democrats had promised to add lessons to curriculum.
But last week Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added support.
It means Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge.
Rickie Lambert has scored 20 goals for Southampton this season.
Brendan Rodgers' decision to ignore Lambert is illogical.
Lambert should have joined Aston Villa in January.
But he found out about the move just hours before the transfer window closed.
Unnamed woman sent out invitations to her son's first birthday.
She lists very specific requests for the boy, including large and pricy gifts.
Invitation reads: 'When we return items without receipts, we only get about 50% of the value, so it's like throwing away money if you don't include a receipt with the gifts'
Email has been viewed more than a million times on Reddit.
Natasha Jonas has announced her retirement from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor.
Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games.
Philadelphia Office of Transportation aims to get pedestrians off their phones.
Video features characters in'safety suits' including Bubbleman and Fashionista.
Campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone.
37 people died from being hit by cars last year, according to the campaign.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret'
Gray's stepfather, Richard Shipley, confirmed the death of his stepson.
Gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box, according to his family.
Civilian video showed him being loaded into the van, but did not show the entire encounter.
The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years.
Move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in Ireland.
Price war over cost of milk likely to break out, bringing down price for consumers.
British farmers likely to find price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down.
The rapper and businessman launched a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming app Tidal.
Reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple.
Tidal, which launched on March 30, has fallen out of Apple's top 750 apps, after a peak at No. 83 on April 7.
Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw by Inverness Caley Thistle on Saturday.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the visitors in the first minute.
Edward Ofere equalised for the hosts from close range a minute later.
Craig Gordon believes his side will need to fight with every sinew when the two tribes renew hostilities in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi final.
The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project.
It is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex.
One day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, released selfie-style video.
Describes his own experience with a 'Caucasian officer' in South Carolina.
He says he was given a warning after doing everything the cop said.
Mr Stack, who recently completed a deployment with the National Guard, is now job hunting.
Pictures show a young bear chained to a tree and attacked by dogs in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
The controversial contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation.
John Marshall, son of director Noel Marshall who was married to Hedren, is opening up about the infamous lion film Roar.
The film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew.
'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family,' says Marshall.
Passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge.
He said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service.
London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining.
To drop points would almost certainly mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League.
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures this season.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now 65 stone.
The former factory worker has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
Mr Thompson said he has always had problems with food and was even caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three.
But aged around 10 he was a normal size and played like a normal child.
He spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel.
He shows how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to sleep in just 42 seconds.
The clip has now received almost 26,000 views.
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century, lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
The 56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
It was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy.
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
The multi-millionaire, from Aberdeen, is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX outlet.
Kitson is hugely popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Lady Gaga and Kylie and Kendall Jenner, who have all been spotted with the brand's blue bags.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty.
Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection.
Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'
Last week 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown into sea.
Survivors claim men tried to throw other Christians off side of vessel after argument.
But they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald recently announced that she is pregnant with their first child.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
Underwater volcanoes are known to be widespread on the floor of the world's oceans at joins in the tectonic plates.
They are located in the deep ocean, where their activity can be difficult to measure, although some erupt with explosive results.
Scientists used an underwater vehicle to visit the West Mata Volcano, 3,937 feet (1,200 metres) below the surface of the Pacific Ocean near Samoa.
Eruptions from underwater volcanoes can sometimes form new islands like this one off the coast of Japan.
Using their unique sound signature, researchers will be able to detect different types of eruptions
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys.
The firm is also developing an orbital craft.
It will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
They are titled 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about to be swept to sea
Prince Harry was greeted by enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial.
He laughed and joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives.
The Prince is in Australia to report for official military duty.
But he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man.
She injected potassium into the blood stream of her six elderly patients.
They suffered heart failure and eventually death, according to police.
Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Lisa Webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France.
She feared her daughter would starve during the day.
But when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
In her native Canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch.
They were given 20 minutes to wolf down whatever their parents had packed for them.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225.
Family of Esam Ghazzawi left Sarasota, Florida, home in August 2001.
They left cars, furniture and food in refrigerator before 9/11 attacks.
FBI agent who investigated disappearance said family had'many connections' to hijackers.
But agency said report was 'unsubstantiated' and 'poorly written'
Some have questioned whether FBI is whitewashing Saudi involvement.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
The group of youngsters viciously attacked the victims just seconds before the train pulled into the station.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago.
She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter.
The profile showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his daughter in hospital.
Valente wanted to report the problem to Facebook but, because the scammer had blocked him on the website, it did not allow Valent
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
He sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped.
African elephant squirts bull with water stored up trunk to get it to leave.
But bull misses its target and carries on drinking.
Amazing images were taken in Kruger National Park in South Africa.
Charles Collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks after Alfred McNamee fell.
McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen.
Collins said: 'I just saw him and jumped down... just instincts'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Ed Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyer.
Labour claims tax break will be funded by squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team.
Hill's casket was brought by a hearse to Xavier's Cintas Center - the site where she made a left-handed layup to open a Division III game on November 2.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop.
The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection.
Cover-ups can go just about anywhere, but the one place they can’t is in the water.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people and left 215,000 homes without power.
Three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, according to the Manly Hydraulics Laboratory.
The photo, which was posted on the Sprout Daily Facebook page, was captioned: 'I didn't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough to see men scaled against these mountainous seas'
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder.
He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
The clip features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players.
Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United.
United now have a eight-point cushion over Liverpool and are in good shape to make the Champions League.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, passed away on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
She asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on the Fourth of July.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Lucy Mecklenburgh, 23, is the face of Sunkissed, a fake tan brand.
She has called on her younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in the shoot.
Lucy says it was'really lovely working together' because they don't get to see each other often.
Warrington Wolves host Warrington Wolves in First Utility Super League.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for Wolves.
England hooker left Tigers at the end of last season.
Britain's super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009.
Queen Elizabeth II placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List.
Her wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10million to £340m.
She is now ranked 302nd, down from 285th last year.
Len Blavatnik topped the list with a fortune of £13.2bn.
Software extracts colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows clear trend toward more blue paintings toward end of 20th Century.
All colours increasing except for orange.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
He has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica and was strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine.
Australia’s very own nocturnal, rabbit-eared Easter mascot is under threat with bilby numbers becoming dangerously low.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland.
But now it's disappeared from around 80 per cent that area with small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
Feral cats are the driving force behind the dramatic decline of wildlife across the country with the feral felines killing an estimated 75 million native animals every
According to two online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake.
Clinton is in Monticello, Iowa on Tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential 'listening' tour.
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4.
But Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row to launch a comeback, however he was unable to progress to the second round.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time.
The former rugby league star is still adapting to the 15-man code.
Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
A replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette sets sail for the United States on Saturday.
Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington that France was sending a strong military force to help them.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort.
London Mayor praised Coalition for keeping down unemployment.
Said job creation was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of government.
Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency.
Some new products claim to stop damage from infra-red A rays.
Meanwhile others say they protect the skin from the inside.
But are any of these high-tech suncreams worth buying?
Here, Dr Bav Shergill gives his verdict.
Oratory School in London cleared of discriminating against poor and non-Catholic children.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised school for engaging in'social selection'
School ordered to revise its admissions policy last year.
But High Court judge branded decision by watchdog 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move.
Pedro has spent much of the season on the bench with Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez starting games.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Misse Beqiri last year.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard has struggled for minutes during his career at Manchester United.
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, have shown that passive smoking affects plants too.
They found that peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
But a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine.
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy.
The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December, sickening 147 people in the U.S.
Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.
The journalist and lifestyle guru complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article.
Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer, and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans.
Gibson has faced intense criticism since doubts were raised about whether she has terminal cancer.
Dele Alli was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old has been linked with a move to Tottenham Hotspur.
Alli has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for MK Dons.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction.
The former Big Issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs.
But the Daily Mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against the Protein World advert.
The 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners.
Online fitness store Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote letters from bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside.
He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley.
Brady, who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around, expressed no remorse for his killings.
Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago.
In December letter he wrote: 'This cell block is described as a "discharge ward"; I've been sitting here 30 years... and there's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Zinedine Zidane says Bale would 'improve any squad in the world'
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. He had to be a woman,' said the 63-year-old.
Bruce, who has a son Burt, 36 and a daughter Cassandra, 34, has kept his secret for 43-years.
Crownover said she was'so relieved' the world finally knows Bruce's 'big, big, big dark secret'
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener.
Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 99-92.
Children as young as three must sign 'home-school agreement' before September.
They must also refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their'responsibilities' while attending the school.
But parents were dumbfounded when it included a demand not to use 'transphobic language'
It has been reported that Katie Price still hasn't forgiven husband Kieran Hayler.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym.
Katie, who has two children with the 28-year-old, decided to stick by her man.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge, her first public appearance.
The club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure last October of CEO Ron Gourlay.
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
The 17-year-old equalled Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record of 29 under par rounds in a row.
Ko's worldwide streak is 32, counting the three rounds she played in her victory in the Ladies European Tour's New Zealand Women's Open.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class because the products smell.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration.
But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed.
Council has now apologised and said it 'never intended to be racist'
Ms Rahman said: 'I consider myself to be English - I was born in this country'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
The former US Open champion said he would never consider not playing the Masters.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election.
Last time teachers went on strike was in July, when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close.
Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon visited New York in 2001.
One of their first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on 9/11.
Sylvain stayed at the JW Marriott Essex House with panoramic views.
The couple went on a Bateaux New York cruise along the Hudson River.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
DNA analysis of the bones revealed they belong to a Neanderthal.
He is thought to have starved to death in the narrow space and died.
Over thousands of years, the bones decayed and became incorporated into stalactites.
The DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from an extinct human.
New research suggests Neanderthals may have used wild herbs to flavour food.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his divorce.
The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
It is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Coutinho managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Lionel Messi scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Valencia.
Luis Suarez scored his first goal for Barcelona after 56 seconds.
Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty in the ninth minute.
Barcelona move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year.
The product, called Droops, is still in the early stages, but Mr Chow says the coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost £80.
He drew'memories to my childhood' and 'the surprising and fun element of dispensing sweets from a gumball machine'
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year.
Survey reveals disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using Facebook and Twitter to intimidate staff.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.
Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez all scored in the El Clasico.
Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets.
Rory McIlroy faces record high temperatures on the first day of play at Augusta National.
The World No 1 is hoping to complete a career grand slam at this week's Masters.
A cold front is expected to bring more stormy weather and strong winds.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred.
The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew.
Barner says she trusted the artists, but came away with a tattoo that remains painful a year later.
Mike Fregoe and his family built snowman in January, when it grew to 9-feet tall.
Since then, the snowman has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March.
But this weekend, 70-degree temperatures hit New York's Long Island, and the family finally gave up on Frosty.
The snowman became an internet celebrity, with more than 3,000 people liking the page dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on Facebook.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive using only traditional Chinese medicine.
Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
The herbs may be drunk as a tea or are provided as a vitamin tablet.
Dr Zhai says she has brought more than one thousand babies into the world.
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself in action using a selfie stick.
The man, in a bright purple jacket, appears to make a success of the video.
But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift.
And the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Comes as Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg have all invited TV cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, raped 16-year-old in Leicester Square nightclub.
He then forced himself on the teenager in the VIP area of Equinox.
The former gunner then ordered her to wait in the bushes for at least 30 minutes.
Two months later, he raped a woman in Greenwich, south east London.
It took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the attacks.
Khoorban was jailed for 16 years at Snaresbrooke Crown Court.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
The girl's family reported the kidnapping on Sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying Xionge, whom she was dating, because of their age differences.
Xiong allegedly threw the girl's iPad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car.
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg.
Bruce Jenner's second wife Linda Thompson tweeted a message of support for the Olympian ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 and one of his sporting image on a billboard.
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance.
Her 8-year-old daughter Kori was in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries. She is now in a medically-induced coma.
The driver of the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19 year-old Ramiro Pedemonte.
Pedemonte was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle.
Manchester United have agreed to a short pre-season tour of America.
Louis van Gaal's side have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer.
Van Gaal and his players will operate out of one base in America.
Alastair Cook has had a taste of what is to come in the Caribbean.
England face Australia in the first of three Caribbean Tests this month.
Cook will hope England can regain the Ashes when they face Australia later this summer.
Prime Minister will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part.
Labour leader accuses PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government.
Mr Cameron has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners.
Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Mr Miliband, Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett of the Greens, Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
He posted photographs of himself in a wig and pink Dame Edna Everage-style glasses.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he went on run again in December last year and was jailed again.
Easy is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
But chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before.
When she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms.
Blood clots blocked the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue.
She was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow.
Medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung.
Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist.
He accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan.
Palmquist denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Sellers said: 'She gave Wu some tang'
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
Authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW.
The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed head-on into a solid brick wall.
White trail of skid marks were left on the road by the driver, who apparently received her P-plates on the same day her sedan left the road.
Jessica Ennis-Hill beat Tatyana Chernova in the heptathlon in 2011.
Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011.
Dame Barbara Hakin was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
But it is now reviewing part of this decision and appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
The GMC is concerned that there ‘may have been a material flaw’ in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt.
The message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre's supervisors told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank.
DFAT is planning to cut 500 jobs by June.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he is lucky to be alive.
Manny Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across.
The Filipino is the underdog going into the richest fight of his career.
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea had a good shout for an early penalty when Oscar was clipped by Hector Bellerin.
But Michael Oliver was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
The fall was exaggerated and theatrical and that might have influenced Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, one.
Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
The condition causes premature ageing so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart, they look like they are a similar age.
Mrs Barden shaved her head in 2013 to raise money for a charity.
She describes the moment she was told her children had the disease as 'devastating'
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening.
People in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23.
She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £50 compensation.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
They admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable.
Mr Light's company has a 60-seater call centre in the Philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in Britain every month.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
Incident on March 7 in which train failed to stop at a signal.
According to reports, 100mph collision between steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute.
Shark sightings have become commonplace around the New Zealand coastline this summer.
Children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around.
Two shark attacks left a surfer and fisherman with serious injuries.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
The video has sparked heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast.
Some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
The robotic vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under the ice.
Icefin is planned to make its Arctic debut in summer 2016, with a return to Antarctica that fall.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The two sides met in the final of last season's competition in Lisbon.
Real have not beaten Atletico since that memorable night in May last year.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have lost four games and drawn three.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
Passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months in jail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpuno Wright.
The 29-year-old was driving two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass, a music festival at Byron Bay.
He was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase across state borders.
Tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered.
Judge dismissed his appeal for early release and he will be eligible for parole on August 1.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn.
Gloucester only entered the interval 13-11 ahead.
Dan Robson's try with a minute left gave Gloucester a faint glimmer of hope.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones.
But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.
Hospital staff were amazed when he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment.
After Harley's story made headlines around the world, staff at children's TV channel Nickelodeon even sent Harley a box full of Ninja Turtle presents for Christmas.
He will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints.
Used her own brushes and kryolan paint, special dense, long-lasting make-up used by professionals working with stage actors.
The final result took three hours to achieve after Maria simply googled pictures of bunnies.
Coastguards and officials called off rescue operation after darkness fell.
Only managed to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.
The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said.
Dozens of volunteers and local residents turned out to help coastguards.
Leicester were bottom of the Premier League at the end of March.
Nigel Pearson's side have won three on the bounce.
Only Arsenal (8) and Chelsea (4) can better that as a winning streak.
The Barbie doll's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, is painstakingly planned and now has three quarters of a million followers.
The account's creators pose Barbie in front of famous landmarks - not pictures or green screens - including Notre-Dame and La Belle Epoque restaurant in Paris.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman in their Rumble in the Jungle.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes Arsenal have become a stronger unit.
The Gunners have won 16 of 18 matches in all competitions this season.
Arsenal are currently second in the Barclays Premier League.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Diego Costa, Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea also on shortlist.
NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday.
Flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in the field in Bruhl.
It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Paintings allegedly hanging in Sturgeon's Glasgow home shows her as dominatrix.
But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by the image.
She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell.
He is credited with transforming nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
Mark Steven West, 32, pleaded guilty to having sex with an 18-year-old student at Spring High School in Texas in 2012.
He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'
The girl admitted to police also, telling them she encouraged West to have sex.
West was sentenced to four months in jail and eight years probation.
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps.
She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
Uriel Miranda, 38, died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Authorities say all 12 occupants were relatives from Apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seat belts.
Six Leeds United players withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton.
Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri were among those to withdraw.
Head coach Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events.
The withdrawals are the latest incident in another turbulent period at Elland Road.
Researchers at the University of Arizona have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber'
When threatened, the bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the university.
The research reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their rapid-fire capabilities.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese.
George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they didn't want to take any'responsibility'
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United.
Brazilian right-back cracked three ribs during U21 clash with Leicester.
The 24-year-old is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'
Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust'
Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League.
The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions.
Duff is the only survivor of Burnley's promotion and relegation sides.
Burnley face Tottenham and Arsenal in the next two games.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and punched her.
The attack caused her to lose their unborn baby and she miscarried.
Bako pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
Villegas fired two holes in the space of five holes but could not win.
No player ever became par-three and Masters champion in the same year.
The contest traditionally hosts the contest the day before start of the major.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
Louis van Gaal gave the Spain international his first team debut.
Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough.
London-based Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection'
It includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers.
There are also pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic.
The defender is out of contract at the end of the season.
Celtic face a challenge to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
Illegal animal traders kept terrified three-year-old in box for two weeks.
Men had been trying to find a buyer on lucrative black market.
They were stopped at check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea.
Traffickers caught during joint operation by Guinea Ministry of Environment.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater, complete with its own popcorn and snack bar.
Arsenal have won 15 games in 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger's side are 13 points behind leaders Chelsea.
The Gunners are now making the kind of signings they should be making.
Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth round replay on Wednesday.
Jordan Rhodes scored the winner in Wednesday night's 3-0 win over Leeds.
Gary Bowyer has challenged Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday.
Unai Emery has guided the club to fifth in the table.
Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' according to Vicente Iborra.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
But he was not involved in Millers' 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Manager Steve Evans added to confusion by saying he had been recalled.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis.
A win over Jennings will place Klitschka within one successful defense of Holmes.
The Ukrainian is keen to face Deontay Wilder in a unification clash later in his career.
Daniela D'Addario's body was found in the boot of her Hyundai Getz on Wednesday night.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with her murder after fleeing from police in the NSW south coast.
The couple had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' for about four months friends say.
She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Surveillance video shows a car going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen at White Hart Lane.
The trio all went narrowly over the top, while Rose dared to be different by hitting the back of the net.
Kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer, though couldn't count.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, analysis finds.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Critics say it is 'ludicrous' that such items are being handed out.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks.
She already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
But she is set to become the oldest woman in the world to have quadruplets.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29, last week.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a project called Twin Strangers.
The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the two pairs looked like each other.
In 2011, Devon-born journalist Sophie Robehmed became fascinated by the idea that there might be someone out there in the world who looked exactly like her.
German detectives are ‘closely monitoring developments’ in the £60m London case.
They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid.
Also, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3m robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
There has been speculation that the London robbers – who stole jewels and cash from 72 boxes at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit centre – are from Eastern Europe.
Meanwhile, it is believed the Volks
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
Daryl Janmaat has likened the match to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot.
The 19-month-old was only saved when her mother was watching the incident unfold.
Furniture boss Phillip Dickens was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
A woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
Mr Gilbert said while they release venom on its prey, the snakes are not regarded as dangerous to humans.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs)
The changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior.
PM said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich.
But he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner.
He was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe.
Mr Cameron said he had gone 'off script' with the remark adding: 'I suppose it's just the campaign'
He likened himself to Green Party leader Natalie Bennett, who infamously blamed a 'brain fade' after a disastrous interview.
Researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA.
It could mean arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct.
And it could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental.
No criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain.
The full back had a falling out with boss Laurent Blanc after he was dropped.
But the Dutchman insists he's happy in Paris and wants to sign a new contract.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot, which shows the man giving the peace sign, sparked outrage after it was shared on Twitter on Sunday by Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
The distasteful choice of words on the concert goer's shirt are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Gareth Bale was substituted after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured working out at Cobham.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday.
Portugal beat Serbia 2-1 to go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I.
Ronaldo was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla tweeted his support for the defender.
Musacchio has been limited to just 12 La Liga starts this season.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley.
The estate also includes an avocado orchard with 2,500 trees, a turret gym, a John Deere tractor, producing vineyards, plus a six-car detached garage and a helicopter landing
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday.
City have won the last four contests between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini's future will be decided come May when the dust on a creaking season has settled.
A victory would inject some happiness into what seems a rather glum situation, and reignite ambitions to finish second.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends the night of his murder.
Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with sex life.
Mrs Else, 52, says her life has been 'turned upside down' since his death.
She says she is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property.
Investigators searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
Officials said Cullum admitted she had been stealing from American Airline planes for the last three years.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has created hundreds of interesting facts.
The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.
Images of Sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in Paris today are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending.
Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old jockey was the first rider since Bryan Marshall to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses.
Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket.
The role was abolished with Paul Downton's sacking on Wednesday.
Former England captain Alex Stewart has also put his hat into the ring.
Hilary Wilson, 41, suffered a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section.
She woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant.
Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born.
The mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
Pakistan appear set to host Test-playing opposition in their home country.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
James Coney had written an opinion piece claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister.
Mr Mull said he had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday.
The referee has sent off three players from United and City this season.
City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
CLATTEN has been accused of favouring Louis van Gaal's side in the past.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar.
Harley Hicks broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept.
The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed baby Zrayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana.
Hicks has offered no explanation for why he committed the horrific act.
Health Minister Fiona Nash says the best way to reduce demand
Chelsea are set to take part in a post-season friendly Down Under.
Jose Mourinho's side could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2.
The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses.
They are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was shot dead during an undercover gun-sale operation on April 2.
Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond.
The reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory.
But it's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
In total, she has completed 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp and don't feature any faces.
Sam Burgess starred for Bath as Mike Ford's men moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish.
Burgess was among the try-scorers along with Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni.
The Exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to Tom Court's try, but Bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 featherweight ranking after the fight in Virginia.
The featherweight came out hard and fast, and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to Lamas' downfall.
Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon.
Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series on Sky Atlantic.
It has seen many of the female characters take leading roles.
Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes it has great female characters.
She said: 'As women, we accept our femininity and take strength from it'
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma.
Roberto Mancini has cancelled his players' day off on Easter.
The first team trained at 8:30 a.m. local time on Sunday.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton.
Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
The early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
The swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror.
A giant manatee floated past just inches away.
Footage shows the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Aueel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in the water.
Her mother Akon Guode visited her daughter for the first time on Friday but did not stay the night in the hospital.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident.
Ms Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
She told him she was feeling'very dizzy' before the accident and remembers her
Harry Davies-Carr and brother Charlie starred in viral video 'Charlie Bit Me'
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
But it quickly went viral, becoming an early online hit.
Now the pair have given an interview to children's TV programme Newsround.
Harry said he finds watching the video funny, saying: 'It makes me laugh'
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
The married mother of three, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the video.
In the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats.
As the family of four walk towards the exit, Elizabeth Sedway breaks down and tearfully apologizes for holding everyone up.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with other patients.
Four days later, she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant.
There, he revealed there had been a mix-up with her notes.
Ms Dawes was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
She is now taking legal action against the Royal Wolver
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.
The former world No 3 finished joint third in the Honda Classic.
Casey will struggle to play the 13 events required for European Tour membership.
European captain Darren Clarke wants Casey on his team.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters.
He landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
Hughes faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week.
The former QPR youngster is wanted by clubs including Arsenal, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich.
Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14 but he is miles behind Luis Suarez.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies.
So far, it's been translated into 22 different languages.
The arty fad is said to have started in France, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity.
Alan Pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul.
The Crystal Palace manager insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Pardew says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather.
Ronda Rousey visited his Los Angeles training camp.
She said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
The UFC women's bantamweight champion recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this'
He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the boy around the store beforehand.
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU is asking companies who filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them.
If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of revenues.
This would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
Bath face Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night.
Sam Burgess has struggled to make an impact in the midfield.
Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the RBS 6 Nations.
Tony McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country.
The 20-times champion jockey has won 20 times in a row.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader.
Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases, suggesting the Middle East-based militants have taken full control of Boko Haram propaganda.
Release came as Nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the Islamist's final stronghold in the country - the Sambisa forest -
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed vital organs.
Andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years after throwing her.
Her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without Ms French's consent.
The organs were stored as police investigated Andrea's death and
Margaret Tyler, 71, has amassed a collection of royal memorabilia.
Her collection includes a £1,200 bust of Prince Charles.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April.
Manchester United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness.
Luke Shaw will not feature after a hamstring injury.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for Sunday's derby.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber.
Cylvia Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information from state employees.
The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
The department store giant has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights.
Queen's Club will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades.
British Captain Leon Smith and his lead player made it clear they wanted to take on the strong French team on grass.
Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 on Saturday but are rooted to the bottom of Serie A.
Kevin Franklin, 58, jailed for four-and-a-half years for fraud and deception.
Victim, 80, was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford milk.
Franklin siphoned off £400,001 fortune over eight-year period.
When he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
Judge ignored plea for leniency because he was 'terrified' of going to prison.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer.
Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return from the garden.
She discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband.
Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, fled UK last February.
They are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, Syria.
Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade, an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
It is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS.
Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of doling out
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
The quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter.
Jonathan Trott was picked for England's three-Test tour of the Caribbean.
The 33-year-old has been in fine form for the Warwickshire batsman.
Alastair Cook believes Trott is ready for international cricket return.
England face a St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI this week.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
The spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in Little Italy, a neighborhood of former tenement buildings and narrow streets.
An Italian restaurant that had been open for decades closed its doors last week in a separate rent-related dispute.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional.
The Dutchman should have been so lost in his own despair, or anger, or disappointment, or fierce resolve to get back on terms, that if he’d noticed Defoe at all, the only acceptable form of communication should be a muttered oath, or at best a hard stare.
Bruce Jenner, 65, has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures since winning Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976.
In 2009, he went under the knife again, ostensibly to 'correct' his previous procedures, a process which was documented closely on Keeping Up With The Kardashians.
The licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Already established licensed agents were exempt.
FA, Premier League and Football League have been discussing how best to cope with FIFA opting out.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses.
She claims she was ‘mocked’ and subjected to ‘gratuitous derogatory’ comments.
So in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers at Goldman Sachs.
The executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott has fallen cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping troubled batsman focused.
Peter Salmon, director of BBC England, made a surprise appearance in the Test Match Special booth at Sir Vivian Richards stadium.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories' economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Employment rose above 31million in three months to February, official figures show.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27.
The Wales and Lions winger was initially suspended for three matches.
Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded.
The Mean Girls star recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow.
Lindsay says she feels 'at home' in London and has no plans to return to the States just yet.
The 28-year-old also posed in sexy lingerie for men's fashion magazine Homme Style.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy.
Police have found no evidence of the attack during their investigation.
New ICM poll for Guardian had Tories ahead on 34%, down five points from a week ago.
New Populus poll found Labour unchanged on 34%, while Tories on 32%.
Pollster Nate Silver correctly predicted winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008.
He predicted hung parliament after May 7 with Tories winning 283 seats and Labour 274.
Jacob Fairbank is set for a spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Giants managing director Richard Thewlis said it was 'another bad blow for Bobby'
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10.
In an interview with Woman magazine, Kelly gushed about her instructor.
Zumba combines Latin and international music and aerobic activity.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy Dan Bilzerian.
His outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate.
Viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood went head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya has a £13 million buyout clause for Valencia.
The 19-year-old is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season.
Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov is keen to return to Italy.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday night.
The Portuguese side had been on the receiving end of a humiliating 7-4 deficit.
But they were given a hero's welcome as they arrived back in Portugal.
Jackson Martinez and Ricardo Quaresma were one of many players to look perplexed by their warm reception.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid's Champions League win over Atletico Madrid.
The centre-back was deployed in midfield to cover Luka Modric's absence.
Ramos is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song about Jamie Carragher ‘We all dream of a team of Carraghers’ would be appropriate.
He often fools around in goal at Spain training. He started his Real Madrid career as a right back and won the European Championship there for his country.
Everton defender John Stones was on Barcelona's shopping list last summer.
Barcelona ended up signing Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m.
Thomas Vermaelen also moved to Barcelona from Arsenal for £15m.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
Most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes.
Chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the UK.
In the US internet users seemed to be most concerned about herpes followed by chlamydia.
The Queen presented the Duke with the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia.
Prince Philip was presented with the award on Wednesday by his wife.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old Duke of Edinburgh's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted criticism from within Mr Abbott's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career he wanted to end his career at Boca.
The 31-year-old's future was thrown into doubt when Boca Juniors president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home'
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on tripwire while reporting on fighting.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight.
Fighting in the east had largely subsided following a cease-fire deal.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May.
He is expected to stay at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech.
It is the first Aman resort on the African continent and is located just outside the ancient city.
Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The images were posted on social media, including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum, under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal on Tuesday night.
The World Cup winner is the highest-scoring German since 1992.
England Women beat China 2-1 at Manchester City's Academy Stadium.
Fran Kirby scored the first goal of her short international career.
Jodie Taylor scored the second in the second half.
Kirby was player of the match when England played the United States in February.
The service will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
'I would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face,' she writes in an essay for Marie Claire.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line with a twist.
The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material.
Designed in collaboration with US brand Swimsuits For All.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored for Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers' side moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
The defeat was Newcastle's fifth in succession.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second yellow card offence.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance.
Mr Stevenson said she had to wait to exit up a private road while he repaired it.
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first ever set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7.
The five girls are still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
They are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months.
For every meal, she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes.
Now, she weighs 10 stone, is a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket.
They found the body of Robert Petitclerc, 97, wrapped in a plastic bag.
Mr Moon had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington.
The family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China.
It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
The event was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember.
Among the guests were Chinese Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin, who married off his pet.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
She was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions.
Police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday.
Police are awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
June Whitfield, 89, is set to make a guest appearance in EastEnders.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's Kat Moon, a suicidal woman.
The veteran actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
Aston Villa were lacking confidence all season and it looked like they lacked the ambition to win games.
Sherwood has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show.
The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots.
He said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back'
Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol.
He failed to resurface and friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him.
Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place on Easter Sunday morning.
Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
But they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or digestion problems which meant he couldn't swim.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire, noticed a lump behind his ear.
When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns.
Ms Edwards, 64, said: 'I just don't understand how
Manchester City lost 4-2 to United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
The newlyweds were brought closer together by process.
And the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together.
Japanese women are tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage.
The trend is inspired by the anime character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls In A Dungeon.
She is depicted with a cartoonish face and outsized eyes, her hair in long bunches that taper to her thighs.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
Some of the posters are hand-drawn, and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator to finish them off.
Justin Bettman, sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date.
Bettman said after he read the email there 'wasn't even a question' on whether he would say yes.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today.
The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
He hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Peru.
They were wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig.
It is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as Chan Chan.
Police are now investigating how it ended up in a box outside of the main archaeological site.
Jamie Peacock scored a try double for Leeds in their win over Salford.
The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored for almost 12 months.
Salford's last home win against the Rhinos was 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust.
It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Joanna Goodall, 30, admitted stealing from the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
She forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed her taking money.
Goodall was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Ryanair bans passengers from bringing their own booze on flights to Ibiza.
The Dublin-based airline is concerned for safety and comfort.
Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight.
It follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour.
Deputy Prime Minister was heckled by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by Tories.
Mr Clegg said the chancellor's plans would do'so much damage' to public services.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.
Buchanon said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house, as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment.
But he soon realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved.
He said he eventually became fed up and told his mother he would stop paying for her new house's upkeep after he paid off the mortgage.
James Ritchie was voted into the job with a clear majority over a female candidate.
Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
The Tasmanian University Union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Reddit thread asks users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in Europe and the US.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain.
The 21-year-old law student fell while talking to her mother on the phone.
She was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries.
Authorities initially said the fall was a suicide bid, but it wasn't.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama.
The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year.
It will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Immigration Department would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid'
She said she is convinced Lord Janner is not fit to plead because of dementia.
But she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
Victims and politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence'
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
The 42-year-old man threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car.
He then recklessly drove his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday.
Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Investigators said he faked pictures of the black man's death to help build a case against three Klan members who worked at a Florida prison.
The Unique Connection was created to celebrate Mother's Day.
Children are blindfolded and asked to pick their mother out of a group.
Mothers wait anxiously to see whether their child will recognise them.
The video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times.
Internet star Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has amassed a huge teen following on social media.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that vloggers should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts.
It comes after an investigation found that video blogs popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Vigilante group spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans.
Wicked Camper's CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once'
Over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans removed from the fleet.
The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'Random Breast Testing', and sexualised images of men and women.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when East Village building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast.
Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion.
Suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
In August utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, it has emerged.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He captioned it: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan.
Amir Khan is currently training for his fight against Chris Algieri.
Khan will fight Chris Algarieri in New York on May 29.
The American's last opponent was Manny Pacquiao.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford.
Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions.
Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body in bushland late around 5pm on Friday afternoon.
It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around.
City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks.
Pearce blames City's poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players.
One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade via a new online process.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet.
The 38-year-old is putting his two belts on the line when he takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali wants to see the Filipino emerge triumphant come May 2.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani ordered an investigation and Iran's Foreign Ministry summoning a Saudi diplomat for an explanation.
Doctor John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus.
The humanitarian doctor was taken to Westmead Hospital on Saturday.
He had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
No further testing for the virus is required at this stage.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California and Arizona.
In April, the department fined subsidiary Heald College, alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data.
It said Sunday it had been in 'advanced negotiations' with several parties to sell the 150-
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather.
But fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away yet'
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
High There! is the first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts.
It lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships.
Users share interests and energy levels when using cannabis as part of their profile.
When High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis.
But now it’s available globally via Apple's App Store and Google Play.
The app quickly became popular in New York, California and Colorado, with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan.
The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
Their federal trial has been reset for July 6 on charges they coerced minors to make pornographic videos, and they also face kidnapping charges in state court.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after stabbing wife.
Wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back.
He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and hired a private investigator to follow her.
She was found to be having an affair with married postman Nick Gunn, 41.
Mr Gunn had had affairs with women on his rounds, Brighton Crown Court heard.
Judge: 'You have not taken responsibility of what you did to her that night'
Harry Kane scored a brace in Tottenham's 2-1 win over Arsenal on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 30 Premier League goals this season.
Kane has also been shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive Manchester derby defeat.
United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals.
Last November's 1-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium was the fourth successive derby win for City.
The last time they achieved that feat was 60 years ago.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is set to gross more than $300million.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved.
Redknapp attempts to goad Henry into a reaction in the early stages.
But both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them.
McDonald's says it's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize.
The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
Changes made because customers said they want'simple, clean ingredients' they are familiar with.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday.
Love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Boston coach Brad Stevens didn't think Olynyk hurt Love on purpose.
'I thought it was a bush-league play,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after failing to find love online.
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations.
Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, but asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Meekings was cleared by a judicial panel tribunal on Thursday.
Caley Thistle challenged his one-game suspension for handball.
The Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case because match officials had seen the incident.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs.
Staff said Nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been 'outrageous'
Nawaz is a rising star of the Liberal Democrats and head of anti-extremism charity the Quilliam Foundation.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
The app allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone.
Benn is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
SNP leader Alex Salmond caught boasting in secret footage at fundraising event.
Former first minister mocked Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader Jim Murphy.
He boasted that he would write Labour's budget because SNP would hold balance of power.
It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to warn of 'constitutional crisis'
They questioned legitimacy of SNP's plan to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street.
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could.
Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time.
But James seems to think his influence with the Cavaliers deserves recognition.
Cleveland Cavaliers secured Central Division title and Eastern Conference title.
All Nippon Airways set to unveil new livery in honour of Star Wars films.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
The small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO.
Comes as fans get first look at new teaser trailer for 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
It is the latest in a string of bad news for Brazilian football post-World Cup.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
The Clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Dyche was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and that his team was too naive.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said she was 'highly disappointed' to see Evans use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise.
Evans has responded to the Health Minister's concerns, saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation.
He has also been slammed for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats.
The 20lb lamb is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
It took Shepherd John Hendy and a team of three helpers to deliver the young lamb near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire.
The farm hopes to keep Ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock.
Danny Welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with England.
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury.
Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around with stun gun.
He first waved it around, then sent volts coursing through a Coke can.
But his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet.
Proving that the weapon lives up to its reputation, he is instantly laid out on the floor.
Video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
Johnny Sexton wants to win a medal with Racing Metro this season.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
The five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has a grand double-sized reception room, private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
Gardner famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana.
Screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development.
By looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Discovery comes as scientists in the US made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End.
They then steal their cash and belongings, according to plain-clothes officers.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas.
A bag they were carrying contained €130,000 and £20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery.
Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month.
Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York.
FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts.
They asked to forensically image his laptop, but Roberts told them to get a warrant.
He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
Ride Like The Wind won just one of his four starts last season.
But he has run twice this term, posting a career best on his most recent start.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
The 35-year-old is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss.
A 15-foot sinkhole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at 2pm.
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the gaping chasm.
It was just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian.
Police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final.
Diego Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final.
Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win.
Ukip will today unveil its manifesto in Thurrock, Essex.
Hannah Overton, 37, was convicted of the 2006 murder of her four-year-old adopted son, Andrew Burd.
She was released shortly before Christmas and will not face new murder charges.
Prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case.
In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of Andrew.
Andrew died a day after Overton punished him by making him swallow spicy seasoning.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
The only food it imports is milk.
There is nowhere better than a rambunctious food market.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala.
The basketballer, now 26, has looked after Zala since she was two days old.
Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life including getting used to a lack of sleep.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl.
The five-year-old was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm.
Her mother Monique Douglas has told of her heartache each time she looks at her daughter's disfigured face.
She was infuriated on Thursday when Frankston Magistrates' Court handed dog owner Edward Powell a $1500 fine and no convictions.
Mrs Douglas says her daughter requires day and night masks as well as silicon patches to help heal the permanent scarring.
Aldi failed to disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a surcharge placed on transactions.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
The fashion designer was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede.
The creative head sent his models down the runway in Milan in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua's iconic 90s hit, I'm A Barbie Girl.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China.
Her company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
The self-made billionaire's company is now worth £4.9 billion.
Research on infants’ brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that very young babies do not feel pain and do not need painkillers, even for invasive procedures.
But the new findings suggest that not only do babies feel pain, but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults.
Holland manager Guus Hiddink has slammed his own supporters for booing Andres Iniesta during his side's 2-0 victory against Spain on Tuesday night.
Spain coach Vicente del Bosque fielded an experimental side at the Amsterdam Arena with Iniesta entering the fray in the 76th minute.
Hiddink was unimpressed with the way Iniesta was treated.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley admitted to breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Police have not ruled out foul play and have no suspects.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for Meredith's murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-finals.
Fiorentina will face holders Sevilla over two legs.
Serie A semi-final ties will be played on May 7 and 14.
German Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took heart-breaking image in November.
He did not realise how terrified the girl was until he was editing the photographs.
It was then he realised she was so scared of his camera that she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon.
Her emergence follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to a camera in a Syrian refugee camp.
War Child says thousands of children carry 'deep trauma from what they have been through inside Syria'
Kristina Karo, 31, claims she was forced to watch Mila Kunis' music video 25 years ago.
Kunis, who moved to Los Angeles from Ukraine in 1991, says she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis stole her pet chicken foul.
The Jupiter Ascending star says she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video.
Andy Murray's mother Judy has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children with his new wife Kim Sears.
The 55-year-old tennis coach married at Dunblane Cathedral this weekend.
Andy and Kim met at the US Open in 2005 when they were both aged 17, and became engaged in November.
Noelle Reno has broken her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
Socialite confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in London’s Marylebone on to the railings below.
In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ‘suicide’
The tycoon was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound apartment onto metal railings.
Tim McNaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself.
His body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday.
In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police.
He alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it’s revealed a
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November.
His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
The university's investigation concluded Duffy's death was the result of hazing.
A family in Texas came home to find their front room infested with birds.
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
He initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows.
Despite the infestation, the family remain very calm throughout the video.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout is being billed as The Fight of the Century.
Former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in Oxfordshire.
It boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt.
Luxury accommodation costs from £395pp.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose Teixaira.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed.
86 per cent go online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store.
Most admit to shopping up to twice a day and 13 per cent will click through online stores three to four times a day.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening.
Anika Stanford, the mother of Vincent Stanford, is helping police with the murder case against her son.
Ms Stanford arrived at Leeton Police Station on Thursday morning to meet with officers.
She was taken back to the home she shares with her son, Vincent, and another son, Luke.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court on Friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies.
The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
Formula One world champion Hamilton remains on pole position.
But his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m.
President Barack Obama will send an administration official to Armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected.
But he has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian, and the Pope for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide.
Kardashian has used her celebrity status to bring awareness to the genocide since at least 2011.
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?'
'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half.
The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital.
He was given oxygen and put in a neck brace before being taken off.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby.
First Minister said she would regard an 'out' vote in Tories' EU poll as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK.
She revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team.
Miss Sturgeon's manifesto included proposals to seek to thwart the Tories' planned in/out EU referendum by 2017.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against her.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
The decision comes after Ms Gibson expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals.
Chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns.
Six local policemen and two civilians were killed in the attack.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.
Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is also investigating the video.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
'There are a lot of platitudes about weight,' he wrote in an essay for Salon.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Dortmund have come into the game since Lewandowski's goal but are yet to really trouble Manuel Neuer and Bayern's three-man backline.
Burger King has launched its summer menu, while Pret A Manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
The British sandwich chain's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on The Strand in London.
Pret's is now in good company with its lead competitor, Starbucks, who in February announced the launch of its yet-to-materialize dinner menu.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
He punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain.
CCTV footage shows Hutchinson run into the betting shop and throw a punch at his former friend.
The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out'
Hutchinson admitted causing grievous bodily harm and was jailed for a decade.
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date.
Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally.
Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest.
He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie and 13 others were ordered to be executed.
The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in July 2013.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has lost 100 pounds.
His father Salah Soltan was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as mark of gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects.
Fears expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan.
Councillors told Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10.
The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award.
Gibson, 23, created a wellness app and clean-eating cookbook on the story of her remarkable cancer survival.
Her wellness app promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life'
But doubt was cast over story when media investigations in March revealed the wellness guru had failed to hand over money raised through social media to five charities as promised.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions.
Elisa emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms while skiing in the mountains near Bergen.
Reports have been coming in after he told his story, and there have been sightings of worm rainfall in southern Norway.
Mr Erstad said: 'It’s a very rare phenomenon, but it has only been reported a very few times'
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
Woods played with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side, and his children caddying for him.
He said: 'Have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.
Within minutes the conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes.
The couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm and police searched the property.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear.
It is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for 40 years.
She now boasts a collection worth £10,000 and has four rooms to her name.
Her drawing room is devoted to the Queen and another to Princess Diana.
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by Southwest staff.
But they allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off all other passengers.
Wife Kelly, who is a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit.
Southwest said staff are trained to treat such behavior as a security risk.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He was prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Mr Farage has been dogged by speculation that he was ill during campaign.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial.
The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March.
He was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
Education Queensland suspended him from his job after he advised the department he'd been charged.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg.
Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control at the Volkswagen Arena.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
'According to our work, information isn't lost once it enters a black hole,' says Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour.
An investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody.
Pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online and have sparked outrage across Brazil.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day.
Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday.
Neighbours described the couple as 'friendly' and said they 'kept to themselves'
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland.
The 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the dangerous practice lingers on.
Hackers cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said he was shaken when he saw 11 channels with a black screen.
Hackers posted documents on TV5Monde's Facebook page purporting to be identity cards and CVs of relatives of French soldiers involved in anti-ISIS operation in Iraq.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm on Easter Monday.
But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away.
Passengers were shunted back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel.
They were eventually told there was a problem with the plane's rudder.
Now, some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin.
Five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time.
Symptoms include streaming eyes, sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat.
By 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million, experts say.
Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores.
Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback.
British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights.
Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina to Atlanta.
It went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday.
The driver of the van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side'
Members of Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Alabama-based Wormreich were in the van.
Eight others were injured, Georgia Department of Public Safety said.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' decision.
Fares will almost double on route between London and Cotswolds.
Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for whole of next parliament.
Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad this summer.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in rush, forgetting his rucksack.
He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother.
Mr Quinn, 46, of Hereford, said: 'Losing that money would have been the end of my business'
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, was left with a deformed breast.
She has had 13 operations to improve the look of her breasts.
Says she would do 'anything' to look normal again.
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time at Stade Marcel Michelin.
Nick Abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try.
Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United's injury crisis does not weaken their team.
Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho says his players require no motivation this week.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
England face West Indies in the first Test in the Caribbean on Monday.
Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him.
Jonathan Trott has returned to the Test side for the first time in 18 months.
James Anderson will make his 100th Test appearance for England.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and children Zoha, seven, and Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry.
They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed.
Mr Malik's family tonight said they were 'completely devastated' and issued a desperate plea for the six to return home.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Malik was a member of the banned group Al-Muh
Labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Labour’s biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed.
Chancey Luna, 17, faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release.
Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in August 2013.
Authorities allege Luna randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past.
Once the jury is selected, the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film.
The film was set for last Friday.
It was postponed because senior management did not want to create animosity or tension among its students.
A number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters.
Saeed was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17.
He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo, located in the northern part of San Diego.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Everton team-mate Gareth Barry has advised the 21-year-old not to leave.
Barry says Barkley is still learning the game and has the right manager.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
Johnson was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize.
White America was desperate to find a 'Great White Hope' who could unseat him.
It would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area.
The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound at about 6am.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 in Super League.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try.
Both sides ended the match with 12 men.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
Paco Alcacer and Sofiane Feghouli scored for the home side.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66.
Hector Bellerin scored Arsenal's first goal against Liverpool on Saturday.
The full-back scored a curling left-footer to break the deadlock.
Francis Coquelin has played a vital role in Arsenal's late push.
Wayne Rooney made his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as United manager in 2013.
The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure.
Moyes fought hard to retain the England striker's services at Old Trafford.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
But it says it will mount a legal challenge but has ruled out another conflict.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1.
The win confirmed promotion to League One for the first time in their history.
But the Dutchman wants to finish on top of the table.
Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012 and held for five days.
He was convinced by his captors that he had been taken by government forces.
But Mr Engel has now revealed that the men that took him were Sunni.
They were convinced by their captors they had been rescued by rebels.
NBC said it was clear that the group were released for propaganda purposes.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria.
The Canadian mother is now working to stop the extremist group from taking advantage of more vulnerable young men and women in North America.
She says she raised her son in a Catholic household, but he converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
His sister Alyssa Chang has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power.
Claims he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP.
Comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Ed Miliband insists he has 'got use to' Conservative attacks.
Jerry Grayson was the youngest pilot to serve in the Royal Navy.
He was involved in rescuing sailors during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979.
The 59-year-old found that one of the choppers had been converted into a camping facility.
Mr Grayson's journey took him to several parts of the UK, including London, Sussex, Doncaster, Cambridge, Ipswich, Yeovilton and Newport.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany.
The world No 2 is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA's World Group play-off against Italy.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side sit fourth in the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti won back-to-back titles.
Sir Alex Ferguson led Manchester United to 13th title in 2013.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.
Manchester City host United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
She protects her skin with a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
The cream, packed with gemstones, peculiar sounding 'photonic spheres' and smart seaweeds, can also be used as a make-up primer.
Other beauty essentials in her cosmetics bag include a hairbrush from her own range, Kardashian Beauty, and an Essie nail polish.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before joining Wolfsburg.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Ivan Perisic and Luiz Gustavo.
Wolfsburg host Napoli in the Europa League quarter-finals on Thursday.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit U.S. television show Jackass and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
She said: 'It happened right at the back of our caravan. We back onto the field and then there is the cliff edge'
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final.
Sutton says Alan Muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he's not up to the job.
Thieves targeted 294 vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz.
The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver, have never been found.
It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London.
During that near-identical raid 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
In London, robbers used a heavy duty drill to bore holes into a reinforced, two-metre-thick wall so they could gain access to the safety deposit boxes
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River on Tuesday.
He and a friend were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
The argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly.
After the stabbing, the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them.
Dion Dublin joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series.
The 45-year-old looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford.
Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton.
Adrien Broner rejected a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter Jay Z.
The former world champion was pictured with 50 Cent on Tuesday.
Broner called out Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson for a September fight after 'Swift' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a win over Peterson with a controversial majority decision.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She was expected to be 3'8 tall, but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10, enabling her to be more independent.
Jesse Willesee was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday.
His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images on social media.
Jesse lit up a joint as part of the 420 campaign.
The campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at exactly 4.20pm on April 20 every year.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, on Friday morning in Yuma, Arizona.
The stroller rolled away from her and the boys fell into the water.
Police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult.
A Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
As of Sunday, the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has raised more than $20,000.
Audrie Pott, 15, fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party.
She awoke to find lewd comments scribbled over her body.
Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages.
Fiona Steane, 50, has 3ft long hair, Sarah Rihal, 50 and Melanie Brown, 60, has 4ft long and Vanessa Thorpe, 40, has 2ft 10in of hair.
Fiona has had her hair cut off when she was 15 but her mother refused.
She gets it trimmed twice a year and has conditioner and conditioner.
Her cut-off point is when she can sit on it and it’s always in the way.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr has a strict organic food regime.
His personal chef Quiana Jeffries has been cooking for the champ.
She has found it difficult to find organic food stores in Las Vegas.
Mayweather's most unhealthy food craving is 'fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce'
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate's squad finished fourth last May.
The nucleus of that group will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships this June.
The island of Saint Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year, an airport will open on the island and make this British Overseas Territory no longer quite so isolated.
Edward Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance.
Former US spy accused of not being 'transparent' and said he was being'secretive'
Details of arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
Frolander, who had been molesting the boy for years, was caught by the boy's father after he returned home from picking up some food.
After his arrest, police released his mugshot, which showed him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.
Now, the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case.
He will be listed as a sexual predator
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
City are also keen admirers of Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
Manny Pacquiao has appeared in a hilarious advert for Foot Locker.
The Filipino has tried his hand at acting, politics and coaching basketball.
Pacquiao was joking about the possibility of facing Floyd Mayweather.
Foot Locker have released a follow-up advert where he acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Hillary Clinton told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America.
That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant Ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong.
The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's.
The game puts an emphasis in being charming and friendly to almost everyone.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting.
Man tried to rob them of contents of their scooter basket in Swindon, Wiltshire.
Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and slammed on accelerator of scooter.
He was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off into distance.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in Japan.
The whales were found on a 6-mile stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings.
But they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore said the level of damage to this area affects a person's ability to detect sarcasm.
The inherent humour in the comments also defused the tension that comes with anger.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back would force her to quit her job.
She had believed Broomhill Infants School, where Charlotte is a student, was a feeder school.
But the school is oversubscribed so Charlotte was offered one two miles away.
Mrs Briggs is now planning to appeal decision made by Sheffield City Council.
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching appeal.
Insulting the Egyptian flag was made illegal by decree under President Adly Mansour.
West Ham will have cheapest pricing strategy in the Premier League.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will pass on savings to fans.
New TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
Club insist they will not make final decision on Sam Allardyce's future until the end of the season.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013.
The 25-year-old played in the Super Bowl and signed a five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $40million.
Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other.
After his father died, he had no one in his life to keep in on the straight and narrow.
That, combined with his desire to be involved in the 'thug life' on the streets in his hometown of Bristol, Connecticut, and escalating drug and alcohol
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note reads, in part:.
I noticed you left your lights on. The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle. I left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box'
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
Manuel Pellegrini could be worried about his position at the Etihad.
Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back' while Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the City fans.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
One of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
So far, the clip of the singer's emotional encounter has scored more than one million hits on YouTube.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season puts the result beyond doubt as Spurs claim a 3-1 win over Newcastle.
Christian Eriksen's curling free-kick misses his team-mates and Tim Krul in the Newcastle goal.
Tottenham's official attendance was returned as a massively inaccurate 47, 427 – making it the biggest of the weekend in the top-flight.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26.
Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational'
Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, Japan.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby.
Ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.
Police made grisly discovery on outskirts of Milngavie, nine miles from Glasgow.
Officers made the discovery last night as they combed rural land.
Formal identification is yet to take place, but police believe they may be those of missing woman Karen Buckley.
The 24-year-old nurse was last seen leaving a nightclub in Kelvindale at 1am on Sunday.
Her handbag was later found by a member of the public in Dawsholm Park.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave Anfield.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer for the forward.
Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was tackled to the floor and 'hog tied'
Video footage shows him being repeatedly hit with a baton or stick.
Reardon claims he suffered acute respiratory failure and had to be put on a ventilator in hospital.
He also suffered multiple broken bones, including ribs, nose and sternum.
Video likely to inflame tensions in America about police brutality.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw.
The Argentine striker headed home a cross from Rubens Sambueza.
Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead in the first half.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes.
Tony McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before retiring.
McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
He is genuinely, unfathomably, unnerved by the thought of staying too long, of not going out a winner.
Worker caught urinating in field of vegetables in Benington, Lincolnshire.
Passer-by said: 'It was disgusting. It wants stopping'
Th Clements & Son, which owns the field, sacked worker with immediate effect.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston.
Scott jumped out of the car and fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
The comments came after his team lost their Champions Cup last-16 clash.
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless.
Struggling to to escape the much smaller insect's grasp the hapless prey contorts itself into an array of shapes as it tries to escape.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places.
City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
Two people were treated at the scene following the crash in Goodge Street.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath of the crash on camera.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, plastered his £35,000 Audi A5 with slogans.
He parked it outside the dealership he bought it from in Chelmsford, Essex.
Mr Beefnah says he parked his car there as a warning to other drivers.
Claims a fault with the Audi 2011 TFSI (turbo fuel stratified injection) petrol engine is widespread.
Audi has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge, including Mr Beefnah's.
Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
For instance, Caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life, which may have been the result of damage to his brain from the strokes.
Prince William has announced he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
The Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time.
Quentin Letts says he can claim to have changed Claud’s first nappy.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
Scientists in California have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long'mega-drought'
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer, 23, dozens of times.
As she lay dead on the floor, he called two more vice girls over to his home.
Father-of-two then raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.
Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.
On Thursday, a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder.
He then pleaded with his pals, 'Don't tell on me,' because he was afraid of being jailed.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal in the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four on the spin in which Angel di Maria has not started.
Di Maria is likely to start another game on the bench after losing his first team place.
Eli and Silas Keslar died after falling into a canal in Yuma, Arizona.
Authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a Go Fund Me page has been set up to raise money for their memorial and medical costs.
It has not yet been revealed how the boys ended up in the canal, but authorities have said they don't suspect foul play.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex and refusing to leave the establishment.
The bar manager also told police the woman was 'extremely intoxicated'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
Ten-year-old Martha was playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside.
She was caught out by a strong current and swept out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew managed to find her cold and shivering.
They pulled her on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
QPR are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the top flight with three wins.
QPR face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season.
Couple fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Essex.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
The unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
Mohamed Diame is set to return from injury for Hull City.
The £3.5m midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury.
Hull are currently three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Owner Assem Allam has again applied to the Football Associations to change the team's name to Hull Tigers.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012.
He poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The FBI was initially alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan, according to an arrest affidavit.
In March, the FBI gave the informant a burner cellphone with a doctored photograph that appeared to show the inmate had been fatally shot.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts texture.
Here, Tessa puts them to the test.
Aston Villa face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer.
But Sherwood is fully focussed on steering his side to safety.
Michael Conlan has booked his Olympic place after results went his way in Venezuela on Saturday night.
Conlan and Paddy Barnes were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela.
Barnes extended his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman, who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant fired the Cherries into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish.
Eddie Howe's side set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
Richie Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in Australia.
He took 248 Test wickets with his leg-breaks and scored 2,201 runs.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
It’s also possible that the Californian tech giant will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iPhone 6C.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
She is accused of having food shoved in her mouth and being struck with a hairbrush.
The youngster had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
Morris, who was an aspiring police officer in her teens, was later arrested and charged with murder.
One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on flight from Israel to Luton.
Cabin crew asked that she sit on parents' lap during take-off and landing.
Passenger Mark Aziz said: 'It was like a terrorist incident'
Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Today show hosts Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie Grease.
The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Sia's Chandelier.
Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV's new series Lip Sync Battle, was the inspiration for the Today hosts’ colorful performances.
Lewis Hamilton has told Nico Rosberg he will do his talking 'on the track'
The Mercedes pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.
Hamilton insists that he has not changed much since he was eight years old.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb, shaken by the experience, was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms.
Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman.
Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January.
Another January drone strike killed Ahmed Farouq, the operations leader for Al-Qaida in Pakistan, as well as an American hostage and an Italian hostage.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
Venues in 15 cities in the US, UK, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Taiwan and the Philippines all participated.
John Frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’
Drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters.
Flights paid for in bundles of cash can be suspicious.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.
CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits.
Some of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Pence said Thursday he believed the move to change the legislation was in the best way forward for his state.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
But according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many commenting on how Roman is their hero.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored twice in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura.
Hedione activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966.
It has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne, Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no. 19.
The Comfortably Numb device numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin.
It is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
A commonly used medicated topical patch takes about an hour to work, whereas their new device 'works on the order of seconds and minutes'
The device is intended for use during procedures 'where you have to get shots in more sensitive areas of the body, such as the face or the groin'
James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales.
The Gloucester fly-half has not given up on earning a Wales recall.
Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh on Friday.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the season.
Toner is one of Villa's most promising young players who captains their Under-21 team aged just 18.
Villa have made an offer of fresh terms but other clubs are ready to declare their hands and Villa risk losing him.
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to husband Kim Jong-un during football match.
Match was being held as part of celebrations marking Kim Il-Sung's birthday.
The couple's marriage was only revealed in July 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying Kim at official events.
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons' side which ties him to the Murrayfield outfit until May 2017.
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16.
There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election.
But he said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters.
Ukip support has fallen from 16.75% in November to just 12.25% today.
Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Kent.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
It is believed youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11.
Arrests come as Scotland Yard arrests 19-year-old at Luton Airport.
Yahya Rashid is suspected of acting as an Islamic State smuggler.
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia.
A new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am.
Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names.
The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
ISIS is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group, whose forces have captured large swathes of Iraq and Syria.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations'
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
The I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! franchise has taken a leap from the Australian jungle to a theme park just off the A320 in Chertsey, Surrey.
The new Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril'
There are gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face.
Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze's opening.
The filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there, the project's British producers said Wednesday.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Paris Picnics saves customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at lunch club.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Couple said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of her tattoos.
Claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has no success.
Says she wants a well-wisher to pay for laser removal - and will stay on benefits until then.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his Thai girlfriend.
He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
The incidents happened in Hua Hin, a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments.
Mr Bird said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38k a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibault Courtois has struggled in recent weeks for Chelsea.
His poor touch allowed Abel Hernandez to score in Chelsea's 3-2 win over Hull.
Courtois also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
Four sandstorms have hit the north-west of the country this year alone.
Golmud, in the country's north west Qinghai Province, was the fourth to hit the area this year.
China's four-tier colour-coded weather warning system signifies red as the most severe followed by orange, yellow and blue.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday.
Police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso.
The 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home.
He immediately found himself nose-to-nose with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child.
The pair had both wound down their car windows in Burnley, Lancashire.
Moore then jumped out of his car and punched the victim through his window.
Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off.
Finally, he armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
'3D mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
In the bottom right of the map is a scale, where you can change the units of measurement by clicking.
It also lets you measure distances in Golden Gate Bridges, football fields and school buses.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour.
The 27-year-old braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue a wounded comrade in August 2013.
He is only the sixth living British soldier the Queen has presented with his medal.
The self-styled Mirreyes post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society.
The images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year after taxes.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged into the basement below.
Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three people were hospitalised with minor injuries, 20 students were left homeless.
Judge Michael Murphy jailed brothers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain for 12 months.
He said: 'It was only by the grace of God or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed'
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked briefly for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston.
Spencer allegedly fired her on July 10 because she 'did not have pizzazz'
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals which player they would not help in a fight in the car park.
Watson got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed.
Patrick Reed came second in the players' unpopularity poll.
The first robot to be sent into the radioactive reactor of Fukushima nuclear power plant has stalled just three hours into its mission.
These incredible pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster.
More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago.
A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
Gigi Hadid says Kendall Jenner has a good sense of when to stand up.
The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
Kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models at New York Fashion Week.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig.
Witnesses said Jordan Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room, as if throwing a cricket ball.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion.
At one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye and has been warned that her facial features may
Manchester City players trained on Wednesday ahead of West Ham clash.
Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice.
Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers X-ray-like vision.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show.
They will generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as show speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
A setting called Augmented Parking shows the driver the distance to the curb, by projecting images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror on the glasses.
An icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display
Ed Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.
But he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
Move to clampdown on landbanking has proven unpopular.
Mr Miliband said he would introduce rent controls if it won the election.
It is thought the policies contributed to the fall in shares in leading housebuilding firms.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Austin was back in the Leeds side after a five-match absence.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Thursday.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
The injury-hit champions started with two teenage debutants.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory fans set off a series of flares during Friday night's match.
A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the clash at nib Stadium.
Two teenagers have been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares.
They will appear before the Perth Children’s Court on May 6.
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique.
But the actor appears to have shaved his chest in favour of a less hirsute look.
Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
The filing comes just months after the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary and Hamilton gushed about his wife on Twitter.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his golfing career.
The video features an interview with the world's best golfer as a youngster.
McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the Masters.
SNP leader insists she will call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
But she is not even standing for election to the Commons and vows to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power and prop up a Labour government.
A new opinion poll by TNS puts the SNP on 54 per cent, up two points on two weeks ago.
English Bulldog named Hazel attempts to get the better of a washing basket.
The video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket, which sits on its side.
Suddenly the basket falls onto its side sending a surprised Hazel sprawling onto the floor with some clothes.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire.
The bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia.
Human Rights Watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'
Jeremy Clarkson will not host Have I Got News For You later this month.
Producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear for hitting producer Oisin Tymon.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Nigel Winterburn says Arsenal should keep faith with Wenger.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika and six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning.
Other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting purposes.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
The Colombian striker spoke highly of this weekend's Manchester derby.
Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested last month after allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance.
Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
The stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges.
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the US Capitol building.
The tiny, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, right up to the Capitol.
Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic.
Women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the Namibian desert.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University.
Experts from various institutions have previously claimed that termites nibble away at grassroots in certain grasslands of southwest Africa, causing the dieback of vegetation and creating a water trap.
Marilyn Zuniga allowed her third grade class to pen letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
He collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution.
The 60-year-old is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot dead a police officer in 1981.
His supporters say he's the victim of a racist justice system.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found on a farm north of the city, sparking a four-day police search.
About 300 people attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today.
A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckley's death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
The fight will attract a record amount of revenue from sponsorship.
Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday.
Clark prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' as she searched the field.
The pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking DNP.
After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Dr Simon Cotton explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix.
But she said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners have called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish'
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department.
In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
Her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
The shift puts Clinton's views in line with the Obama administration's Justice Department, which in January 'committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available as broadly as possible'
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He suggested Miliband had only rejected idea because he was 'under pressure'
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Tory Party has released poster depicting Ms Sturgeon 'pulling the strings'
Fans paid nearly £40 to see Tinie Tempah perform in Canterbury last night.
But he arrived late and only performed two songs before leaving.
Club Chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
Her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.
Police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender and are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
Bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns for a player ravaged by injuries.
The Germany captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury, only making his first start in December.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Jose Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
It was shelved after it proved ineffective in treating certain types of tumour.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
However, in theory any device with a screen that fits these measurements will work because the processing power comes entirely from the gadget.
Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift, which is expected to launch a consumer version
Furious 7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6.
million in its opening weekend.
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
It also ranks.
9 among the top ten openings in history.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The Scot posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers on Twitter.
Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Hart won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement.
David Beckham has wispy grey strands peppering his beard.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting it on Instagram.
Scott Ade, a stylist at Daniel Hersheson, says celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey.
Here, FEMAIL takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter, 52.
But she bought £1,000-trip before doctors said she needed 18-week course of chemotherapy.
Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights.
EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez scored two goals, the second via a howler.
Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici left the field in tears at the final whistle.
Ramsey: 'I've felt the experience of losing in a final and it's not a nice feeling'
Melbourne brand Elliott Label is hitting the big time in Hollywood.
Founder Robin Antin, 50, has joined Kylie Gulliver as business partner.
Gulliver has a black book of Hollywood contacts too.
Elliott Label is adorning the backs of Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But he fell and hit his head, fracturing his skull and brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible.
There is an argument here to play the second spinner in Adil Rashid.
Aljaz Bedene has been granted British citizenship by the International Tennis Federation.
Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
The Scot says Bedene is a great server who could possibly move up the rankings.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying.
The father created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Joe Hart has labelled Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game'
The Manchester City goalkeeper won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday.
Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon, who won his first cap at the age of 37.
Christy Mack, 23, claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship.
Mack, who has legally changed his name to War Machine, is still undergoing reparative dental work while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder.
The former porn star was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
He revealed he has already held informal discussions with Tories about potential post-election arrangements.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K Run were left exhausted.
The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break.
Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route.
Bournemouth Borough Council appealed for those affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
Ursula Ward wants to look Aaron Hernandez in the eye when he testifies.
Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder for killing Odin Lloyd.
He did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract.
Ward said: 'I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin'
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
The heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be certified by the World Meteorological Organisation.
Ice shelves in West Antarctica have lost as much as 18 per cent of their volume in the last ten years.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
He asked his players to pledge to give their all when he took over.
Cheltenham have two games left to preserve their Football League status.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock.
Experts, including Columbia University professor Tim Wu, declared the Comcast-Time Warner Cable murder dead after the FCC expressed skepticism.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 league games this season.
Pardew has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park for another club.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old joined Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor when he arrives in Britain in June.
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across Mars.
It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel and the chaotic Aram Chaos region.
Warning signs have been erected in the municipality of Lastres.
They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police.
Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in November.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day.
Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
The half-price discounts apply from Friday and will last for 90 days.
It is not clear whether employees can buy multiple watches under the scheme.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, said Marine Le Pen'may want me dead'
He is honorary president of the far-right party Front Nationale.
She was particularly angry that Mr Le Pen called the Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history'
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored.
The Gunners are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the La Liga title.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in Islamic State.
More than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly released near Kirkuk.
They were freed after being taken by Isis militants last June.
Hundreds have been able to return, either by fleeing or being set free.
Nine-year-old was taken to Germany by a Kurdish charity earlier this week.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The warden tried to put a ticket on his borrowed Lamborghini but walked away.
Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea.
He was sensationally sacked from Top Gear last month after a 'fracas'
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
He has received 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public's support.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
QPR boss says if he was a betting man, he would bet on Villa staying up.
Sherwood and Ramsey worked together at Tottenham for four years.
Rangers beat West Bromwich Albion 4-1 on Saturday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events.
He interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014.
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children.
Some teachers have to use Google translate to make lesson plans in other languages.
They also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
Stephen King has announced Sony will be putting his'magnum opus' The Dark Tower in cinemas.
The eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower.
Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe are said to be interested in the lead role.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
He condemned the decision by police as 'pathetic'
A dossier of evidence, including some names of saboteurs, was given to Wiltshire Police after the assault.
The attack at Everleigh, near Amesbury, took place even though the 30 riders and their hounds were chasing only an artificial scent.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
Patrick Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.
The World Cup winning Frenchman has worked with some of the best managers in the business.
He has learned from top managers including Jose Mourinho, Fabio Capello and Arsene Wenger.
Ross McCormack gave Charlton the lead after eight minutes with a superb long ball by Michael Turner.
Matt Smith curled the ball over the top of Charlton goalkeeper Stephen Henderson in front of the 1620 travelling fans.
Johann Gudmundsson scored his 10th goal of the season into the top right corner.
Fulham now sit 20th in the table eight points clear of fellow London rivals Millwall.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
The probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby.
On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface.
During the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas it was flying through.
It was placed into ‘safe mode’ to preserve its safety, during which it switched off its science instruments to replace them.
‘Not the
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces.
The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
Lewis Ferguson, 18, was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
The amateur jockey survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square.
Ferguson's double somersault horror fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to runway in Red Sea city of Hurghada.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane.
Plane was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed.
Passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for Manchester.
Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen in Shoreditch, London.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa.
Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson.
All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they opt to sell.
If Sterling leaves then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid.
Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines.
Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Video shows shell cases flying as police officer Eddie Trimino shot him.
Hall's family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
They claim the officers were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force'
But the video appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon.
In the next few decades, aircraft interiors will bear little resemblance to the packed cabins of today.
Bars are expected to become more prevalent on flights, as well as socialisation pop-up pods.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter.
She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain.
One of her alleged attackers, 18-year-old Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation.
On his behalf, Hawchar's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges, including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm.
Scientists at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
The largest cluster was 'younger healthy females' - also the youngest group.
'Unhappy anxious middle-aged' group was primarily female, had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia, anxiety, depression and fatigue.
Jared Henry, 27, was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place.
The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen in Stratford, London, last night.
She was wearing a red jacket and black leggings with white stars on the legs.
Her mother had last seen her at 9.30pm last night in East London.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
The egg measures 1.8cm and is smaller than a 5p coin.
It was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire, by a hen called Muffin.
Shannon is storing the egg in the fridge for safe-keeping.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
The Puerto Rican-born fighter has a 29-0 (17 KOs) record.
Garcia knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-1 with 17 KOs.
Classic FM presenter John Suchet has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis.
He has written a book and become honorary president of the Dementia UK charity.
In 2009, he broke down on air as he gave an account of wife's battle.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
The Pope’s weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots.
Max Factor, which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year, is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom.
The 90-second video has already attracted an impressive three million views on YouTube.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
She returned to her home on Thursday evening and is'safe and well'
Her husband, Sabino Matera, has made a desperate plea for information.
Police have released a photo of Jessica smiling as an investigation is launched into her disappearance.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Corrective Services NSW has launched an investigation into the matter.
Eco Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
Footage captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles.
Tracey Cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
She says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
The more they like who they are, the healthier your relationship will be.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the west London side.
Dominic Solanke equalised for the hosts with just minutes to play.
Abraham restored Chelsea's lead with an acrobatic effort.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
Tristacey Neville's appointment as England netball coach follows an 81-cap international career, five years of domestic coaching and the establishment of an academy.
Kevin Sinfield has all his dental work done without anaesthetic ‘because it’s quicker’ but he may find his late career switch from League to Union a rather more taxing challenge.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice.
Brendan Rodgers has repeatedly insisted Sterling will not be moving.
Liverpool are seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder.
Coleman ran down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango.
The unattended stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences' home and a neighbor's.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick for the Treble-chasing champions.
Kris Commons equalised for the visitors eight minutes later.
The result lifts Celtic eight points clear at the top of the Premiership.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed but no fractures were found.
City will assess in the next few days whether Silva has a chance of playing at the weekend.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years.
He is said to be 'heartbroken' about the split - while his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup.
The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce.
The so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
They are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
The intimate shot was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the U.S.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Mr Ryan has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with agent Mino Raiola ahead of transfer speculation.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola.
Belgium striker has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season compared with 15 last term.
Lois Lerner was subpoenaed by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in May 2013 after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal.
The IRS gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years.
Lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a 2013 congressional hearing, and then refused to answer lawmakers' questions – a choice that the Obama administration now says was perfectly legal.
'I have not done anything wrong,' Lerner had said in the 2013 hearing.
The Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old wore a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a purple dress.
She spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25.
Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year.
Victorian chocolatier Xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists.
The Art Series collection features eggs boasting designs by Jackson Pollock and Banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95.
Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling dark and white chocolate eggs called 'The Chocolate Pistols' in NSW and Victorian stores.
Plane made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport.
There were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew on board.
Japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact.
Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul.
Adam McBurney was not at his home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which occurred when the house was unoccupied.
Investigators' markings showed at least 12 bullets hit one window of the house.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
While the Army has recently updated its policy, the Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that Knapp has fallen foul of.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
Real Madrid face Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Benzema has stated he can win the Ballon d'Or during his career.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House.
The building is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at Newbury.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men and a fifth from their last six matches.
Wakefield are still without seven senior players through injury.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Before his release, Laing sent a letter to the parole board that said 'I am a high risk offender and danger to the community'
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final.
Napoli coach Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A.
James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban after their argument with referee Gerard Sutton.
Klemmer was sin-binned after crowding in on Sutton alongside Graham and yelling 'You're off your f****ing face,' at the lead referee.
The NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour.
He said contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'
It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee that Sweden’s government charges for new or renewed travel documents.
Research by travel website GoEuro found that the British passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, is the new face of Maybelline New York.
She was British Vogue's February 2015 cover star and first black model to walk for Prada in a decade.
But the supermodel has revealed that as a teenager her life was made a misery by cruel bullies who taunted her for her striking looks to the extent that she felt physically ill.
In an interview with The Times, she revealed that she perseveres to set a good example for other 'ethnic-looking girls'
Jack Grealish could play for Republic of Ireland against England in June.
The 19-year-old has met Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane.
Grealish won the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month.
Aston Villa could sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Cordoba are rooted to the bottom of La Liga and need to raise funds.
Researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain.
The experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others.
They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano.
Hoey, who ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute cocaine, conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties'
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge.
They had faced three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council.
Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at the festival.
The festival took place in Sydney, Perth, Adelaide, Melbourne and Brisbane between February 28 and March 9.
It was explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs, the festival could not continue.
Following Thursday's announcement, music fans took to social media to express their disappointment.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park.
The quadriplegic man was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair and the Bible.
He was hospitalized with dehydration, malnutrition, a cut to his back and eye
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
According to police records, Dwayne Powell reportedly told Wisconsin police in 2013 that he was hired by the church through a Florida firm to follow his father.
The claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.
A new video of Rihanna appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands.
Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video.
It has been claimed Rihanna posted a comment on Instagram in response to claims that she was taking hard drugs.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris Saint Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday.
Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to step down.
Thiriez did not hand Bastia their Ligue 2 champions' trophy in 2012.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored for PSG in the final.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
He has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Mr McDonald said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
The Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g.
The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago.
Cadbury's parent company’s profit before tax rose 46 per cent from $87 million to $127 million in 2013.
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander, who is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow, will not be able to play again until at least July and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season.
Zombie stars are thought to be leaving a'mass grave' of white dwarf stars.
They are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel.
But why there are so many of these stars here remains a mystery.
Nasa's NuStar telescope has captured a new high-energy X-ray view.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon.
PM urged audience to support West Ham during election campaign address.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Cameron has been a Villa fan since his teens and was taken to Villa Park aged 13 by his uncle Sir William Dugdale.
Last week the PM tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.
She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.
Sharpe also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever'
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production.
Based on the novel by Walter Tevis, the 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet.
Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team.
The Brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos.
Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw with Atletico PR on Thursday night.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades in the sea near Helsinki.
The incident comes just months after Sweden's armed forces hunted unsuccessfully for what they believed to be a foreign submarine close to the capital Stockholm.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries.
He remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Scott Holder, a financial adviser from Santa Rosa, California, and Jon Reiter, a contractor from nearby Kenwood in Sonoma County, were caught up in the deadly avalanche.
Reiter, who was making his third attempt at the summit, called is wife Susan by satellite phone.
He described how he was given medicine to give to the injured, but one doctor told him: 'Don’t worry, you are just comforting these people. Most of them are not going to survive'
Sophia, seven, made a video to help others understand how her moms had a baby.
The short film was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
England have pulled out of the home nations international Under 16 tournament.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield.
The FA announced this week that England are pulling out.
DeShane Beckford impressed on trial at West Ham earlier this month.
The 17-year-old has been linked with a host of European clubs.
West Ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court. He has been in the area, where he has family, for a couple of weeks.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
Children can be heard screaming and crying in the background of the chilling footage.
Delisle was arrested on Monday following the release of the viral video.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies.
Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape.
In the article, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the frat the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist.
The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8pm on Sunday.
Scot's College has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students.
Students can skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry to the university.
The University of Sydney has run the program with Scot's College.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them.
Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure admits Gerrard is'sad' but also feels sorry for the fans.
Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Massage your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration.
Massage reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Swapping cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids (EFAs) and slow release sugars, needed to stay focused all day.
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
The Ipswich Town left back posted a text message conversation on Instagram.
His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life'
Mings has been linked with a move to Premier League side Arsenal.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country.
Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
The top five is completed by Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
People who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems.
The US researchers’ results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on anger management course.
Student was left with two black eyes and bruising during violent incident.
Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £200 in compensation.
Leeds said Hardaker's punishment is far stronger 'given his previous misconduct'
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted.
Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco.
The flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system, up to and including Android 4.4 and above.
They are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible.
In April last year a group of German hackers managed to spoof the scanner using a dummy print.
Apple's TouchID
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month.
Reid had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
The 26-year-old is set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/2017.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday.
The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space.
It added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children due to personal beliefs may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes.
A subsequent poll found that 87 per cent of Australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory.
Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
The Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries.
His breathtaking photo series captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of the human spirit of those who live off the land.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student.
Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also 15, accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January.
Granado was suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes while he was in Augusta.
The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in his polo shirt on Twitter.
She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Fans branded Miss Sokie 'creepy' and 'disrespectful' for trying on the star's clothes.
The rate of bankruptcy, 15.7percent, remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid.
Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year.
This is dramatically lower than a widely quoted statistic that 78percent of retired players are bankrupt or under 'financial stress' within two years of leaving the league.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***'
The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer.
Brendan Rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court.
Liverpool boss left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden.
Rodgers and business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
Localneighbours and former tenants of the property have criticised the failure to maintain the property.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby.
It was unusually late for this time of year as temperatures hit between six and eight degrees Celsius.
Gary Neville described City's garden as a 'weed' in his post-match analysis.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg Philippe Mexes.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box.
Sampdoria could have moved ahead of Napoli in fourth into the first of the two Europa League qualification spots.
Every year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic.
It’s the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
The Old Town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan.
The tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away from Down Under for his seven-year-old son, who was late paying up the last time around.
Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud.
Mr Hall said his son had not stopped talking about his 'Australian tooth fairy' ever since this happened.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life'
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
Jose Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke City on Saturday.
Chelsea lead the Premier League by six points with a game in hand.
The Blues face Stoke in the first of their final nine games of the season.
Mourinho also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed that the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job and in Estonia, one of least generous, only around 40% did.
People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
London Mayor launched Tory campaign with speech in Mill Hill, North London.
Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home.
Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in Hendon, north London.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative.
Mccombs said that Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it.
Day was taking part in the Salvation Army's 12-step 'Turning Point' program during which Day confessed in a letter to the molestation.
The restored 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored.
Despite its appearance it remains an attractive prospect for many car enthusiasts by offering the rare chance to restore a virtually-untouched DB4.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827secs.
The Finn is two tenths of a second up on team-mate Sebastian Vettel.
Vettel only managed 12 laps, primarily due to a loss of power.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
In the images Nathalie recreated the adverts completely, from the clothes the model wears, to the poses, make-up, hair colour and surroundings.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda.
The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
The cat's owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
Couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder has been in terrific form for the Hoops this season.
Ronny Deila's side went eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Bojan Krkic has picked his Premier League team of the season.
The Stoke striker is recovering from a serious knee injury.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull.
She had surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn.
It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery from spleen surgery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the La Liga derby on Tuesday.
Jan Oblak scored the only goal of the game for the Spanish side.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following his storming start to the new Formula One season.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix this weekend.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys.
It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke.
Girls' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes, while boys are encouraged to make burgers.
Many parents responded by posting pictures of their children playing with 'the other gender's toys'
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
The defeat was a timely reminder that they still have a long way to go.
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn United into title contenders.
Daley Blind, Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
The agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
Rangers are currently second in the Scottish Championship.
Stuart McCall's side face Hearts in the play-offs on Saturday.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's A League Of Their Own.
The pair performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight.
Redknapp and Barnes played together at Liverpool for six years.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day.
But they are still lagging behind stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden.
Chores included doing the laundry and the washing up, as well as running errands.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
Her initial story was that she had put the baby in a crib and then found her dead later on.
She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby.
An autopsy listed the cause of death as sudden unexplained infant death with the manner of death undetermined.
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since Edward Snowden stole files.
Extremist websites have also released encryption programmes for followers.
Henry Jackson Society security think-tank has found three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications.
Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry, when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete.
So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
Sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing' and said she knows that Smith will always be watching over her and their son.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily’s very special wardrobe would be a stretch.
Health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police.
The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy.
The controversial treatment involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support.
'This year has stripped me from the one thing that brought magic to every other aspect of my life,' her partner Tallon Pamenter said.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup.
The Premier League rivals will be joined by Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy.
United’s match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch Real Madrid.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant.
Dubai is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine.
Despite restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's win against Aston Villa.
The Spaniard was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games.
Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were in deep conversation during a Barcelona training session.
Pep Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.
The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 is breeding managers.
Luis Enrique faces Laurent Blanc at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
The attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area, which can be accessed via the doll's right foot.
Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex.
Todd Larson, 55, said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his Dodge Challenger parked at his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25.
He said two minutes later at 1.55am he called police to file the report of the ice chunk falling through his car's windshield, which he believes came from a Delta Airlines A1 aircraft.
Mr Larson has already paid the $4,000 in repairs which included $400 for the windshield and additional costs for replacing his Bluetooth, emergency phone and electric power seat with a heater.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
The festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of himself'missing' the Eiffel Tower.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo.
Since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the tower.
Van De Ven is shocked but highly entertained at the widespread response to his holiday pictures.
Aidan Turner is leading the way as Captain Ross Poldark in Game of Thrones.
The Scottish actor has been catapulted into the spotlight with his 'Poldark and handsome' appeal.
Travis Fimmel, who stars in Vikings, is flying the flag for Nordic hunks.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to 13.7billion in 2011.
Researchers analysed 22 studies, including five from Britain.
Found risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver failed to negotiate a roundabout.
A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head, demanding money.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register.
Now Popeyes have offered Holcomb $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for almost one month.
Independent investigators called into Royal Oldham and North Manchester General.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth at Oldham Royal in April.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
Investigators also found risk management was 'below standard' in some cases.
Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
Sudan, 43, is the last surviving male northern white rhino in the world.
He was moved to Ol Pojeta in the Czech Republic in 2009.
Rangers have cut off his horn to deter poachers - but fear it won't be enough.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the discredited story Sunday night.
Author Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who went to ground over the article, issued an apology in the wake of the review, admitting 'I did not go far enough'
Her piece credulously recounted the story of an anonymous student - referred to as Jackie - who said she was lured to the Phi Kappa Psi house and raped by a gang of seven men.
Minute-long clip shows S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth.
A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia.
It comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six Russian ballistic missile technicians.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC.
It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil.
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
The find sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers before the arrival of farming.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening.
Fabian Orellana was shown a red card for throwing a lump of grass at Sergio Busquets.
Busquets grabbed his eye despite the clutch of turf clearly striking him on the neck.
Viktoria Charkley's reaction was captured on camera by her father Barles.
The video stars her as she comes to terms with the death of Simba the lion's father.
It has so far garnered more than four million views on Facebook.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
This roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone.
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday.
It washed up on the sand the week before and was tagged.
Before the tide came in, beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison in 1972 as a 23-year-old inmate.
He has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive.
Moore suffers from several unspecified ailments and cannot walk, but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID, he has been unable to receive medical treatment.
Bruce Jenner has revealed he started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine.
The 65-year-old said he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
On Friday night, he publicly addressed his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight with Diane Sawyer.
Monaco face Juventus in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can reach the semi-final.
Vicars say system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos.
But clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school.
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
A source close to Mr Farage said he was taking time out from the campaign trail in Britain to focus on immigration.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
The prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
Incredibly, he even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle, before boasting on Facebook the gang were his'soldiers'
Deputy Prime Minister said there is a'very real danger' that Ukip and Northern Ireland's DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament.
Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
In the strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that
The 56-year-old singer performed a stand-up routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
She described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine.
Chelsea sit top of the Premier League table ahead of Stoke City.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until they win the title.
Jose Mourinho's side have only briefly relinquished the title lead.
The Blues face Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
A trooper saw Larry Reid's Lexus SUV in the dirt median with the engine still running.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday.
Brancht, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Mark Ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson.
The photography student says she now lives in terror of him discovering her new address.
Double Falsehood was presented by Lewis Theobald in the 18th century.
Theobald claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the playwright as the true author.
The kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Hereford.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten.
Sinbad, a ginger tabby, was found in the container where he had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
His parents Ahavah and Jason Cook were all deaf, so they were worried he may be born deaf.
But last month, Elijah was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear the voice of his mother for the first time.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verbally abusing her as well as photographic evidence of possible domestic abuse.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has been selected each round of the competition.
Brad Guzan suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel.
Given has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge.
Currently, the fort can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day.
Developer Peter Prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort, built in 1867.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season.
Louis van Gaal is keen to make the winger one of his first signings.
Depay was named in Holland's World Cup squad last year.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in their Ibrox clash on Saturday.
Stuart McCall's side are three points clear of Hibernian in the Championship.
Rangers travel to Livingston in the play-offs on Wednesday night.
Eden Hazard won the PFA Player of the Year award at London's Grosvenor Hotel.
The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and signed a five-and-a-half-year deal in February.
Chelsea are on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010.
Zane Gbangbola died at home in Chertsey, Surrey, in the middle of the night.
For months after his death, police and other agencies ruled out fears gas had come from a nearby landfill site.
But new evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home.
Leaked official records reveal for the first time:.
Last night, claims of a cover-up intensified when documents uncovered by MoS also revealed no traces of carbon monoxide had been detected at the home.
Mike Brown has been ruled out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale.
The full back has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury.
Brown was knocked out of England's Six Nations match against Italy.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says he does not blame Brown for the injury.
Paul Tudor Jones II, 60, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach, Florida, last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.
Jones, a graduate of the University of Virginia, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in March.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
Another group designed Nipper - the world’s smallest mobile phone charger.
Whichever tweet has the most retweets will go into a Kickstarter fundraising campaign and ultimately into development.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Pietersen's impressive return to long-form cricket 14 months after his England sacking was timely, on the eve of the first Test against the West Indies.
Rangers slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South on Thursday night.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by their rollercoaster run of form.
The Ibrox side remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference.
Sean Dyche has been linked with a move to Derby County.
The Clarets boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
Dyche is also keen on replacing Steve McClaren at Newcastle.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's Champions League performance shows you don't need to splash the cash to achieve European success.
The French club are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of European football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years and boss Massimiliano Allegri is taking nothing for granted.
The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body'
More than 27,000 people signed Change.com petition asking for an apology.
A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
But that hasn't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message of the original slogan.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England.
Bell has won five trophies with the club, including the County Championship in 2004 and 2012.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
Newcastle sit 18th place on 24 points in the fantasy table behind Sunderland.
The Senegalese striker is currently serving a seven-game ban.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
She is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership.
Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair and squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels.
Richard Curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum.
He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer.
But he could be fitted with a prosthetic nose, which is held on by magnets.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, he had a procedure to have metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity.
Ranette Afonso, 42, is set to marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
The pair met thanks to a car accident in August 2013.
After the accident, the pair exchanged insurance and contact details.
Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him two months later.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A third person suddenly started shooting at the animal, it was claimed.
Stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
He underwent emergency surgery to save his life and was rushed to hospital.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
The 23-year-old signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side last year.
Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer Filipe Luis to his former club.
Spanish newspaper AS report that Mourinho could offer Luis in a part-exchange deal this summer.
Paula Radcliffe has won the London Marathon three times.
The 41-year-old has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race.
She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
Alex Vella, 61, has been banned from returning to Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in Malta.
Vella has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother, all of whom are Australian citizens.
Mr Vella is the longtime boss of the Rebels, which Federal Court documents obtained by Daily Mail Australia say are involved in drug dealing, money laundering, serious assaults, kidnapping, extortion
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, stole £17,000 from City firm Insight Investments.
She used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon.
But she was arrested at Heathrow when the couple returned from the trip.
Court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice before - in 2007 and 2011.
Saunders admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990 and was sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment suspended for two years.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
Phillips, Evans and Stokes were released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay.
They were part of a group of seven that were kayaking along the Spit.
But minutes after they got back in the water, the wind picked up.
Walkley, Austin and Kelley were spotted by a lighthouse attendant, who notified the Coast Guard.
William D. Kelley, 50, has improved from critical to serious condition.
His pastor, Bill Bowers, said Kelley is 'not able to speak at the moment'
Tim Bresnan is keen to make a case for an England Test recall.
The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes.
Yorkshire beat Notts to win the LV County Championship.
Surveillance footage shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders.
He had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
Eventually, he was kicked out of Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Miami.
But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
A handful of City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
They were said to be attempting to make airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
Police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash.
Terry Martin shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48, after she asked for half of the winnings.
Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead from a.
shot wound to the head.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment.
The relationship between the toddler and the man has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father.
Dindral later gave the footage to cops who were able to track down the suspect.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
A total of 800 inhabitants occupied the settlement, but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated from the area.
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church.
He addressed the Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him. 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. It landed 60 feet from the site.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.
The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the field and soon made his departure.
With a hop over the advertising hoardings, Duplan saw the funny side and attempted to explain the mix-up to his team-mates on the bench.
Gareth Bale is adamant that he wants to stay at Real Madrid.
The Welshman is out of the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico.
Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has been criticised.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for David de Gea.
Real Madrid would like to sign De Gea as long-term successor to Iker Casillas.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
The club are pressing on with their task of expanding the main stand as pictures from Monday showed.
Work will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
The month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg.
From the same litter, the two cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
The jaguars are featured in the video away from their parents, and their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs.
Lord Janner sent a ‘thank you’ Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer’s note.
He thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament.
Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times.
The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees.
Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
They swiped £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
CCTV footage shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance.
The gang have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel.
They found that the temperature of the forehead is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy.
Alcohol also affects the hypothalamus, which regulates the body's temperature.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, has erupted for the first time in more than five decades.
It is one of Chile's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under observation before it suddenly sprung into life.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption, while several smaller townships were also cleared.
The last major eruption happened in 1961, with a weak eruption following in 1972.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman replaced Stuart Pearce at the City Ground in February.
Forest's owners are pleased with the job Freedman has done at the club.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all main parties.
It said none of the major parties had given 'full details' on how they will tackle debt.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts.
Labour has left door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present For The Love of Cars.
The show celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Glenister appears to wipe the colour from Anstead's face.
Pupil aptitude has declined since Finland embraced fashionable teaching methods.
Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores'
Findings add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that return to traditional lessons are way to raise standards in schools.
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
The suspect was taken to a local hospital where they later died.
Jason Denayer made his full international debut for Belgium on Tuesday.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila wants to keep Denayer on loan next season.
But Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets.
Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club in a bid to prove himself.
Diafra Sakho limps off after 58 minutes against Stoke.
Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season.
West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 is a new coffee table book by Berlin-based Callisto Publishers.
It revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Southampton have scored just seven goals in their last 10 league games.
Ronald Koeman wants his side to rediscover their scoring form.
Southampton host Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula.
The elephant seal pup is thought to have weighed around 200lbs.
Ms Fritz struggled to sit upright under the weight of the 200lbs pup.
Tori Hester, 25, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when the school of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar, which is part-owned by the Dubai government.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque is down to an administrative error.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality.
The Northern Irishman is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory.
Liverpool last won the League Cup in 2012 under Kenny Dalglish.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead atop the Bundesliga.
Bayern are in the German Cup semi-final with Borussia Dortmund.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
When Aaron got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction.
He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant.
Viseu was charged with the theft of the camera as well as stealing
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers.
Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery.
Smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS.
Sherrell Dillion starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation.
The single mother-of-two is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth.
Fifi M. Maacaron's book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne, oil and dryness.
The 36-year-old pharmacist from Newport News, Virginia, created her book to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products.
Her Winter Rescue Mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
The duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
Behind the lamb a number of adult ducks can be seen walking past in a group as the duckling gently peck away at Winter's face.
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
His surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor.
They died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Pietersen has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Sam Reese recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show.
The 22-year-old's crime was to ask his date to split the bill with him.
His action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
Sam, who was reportedly seen 'cosying up' with Hollyoaks star Stephanie Davis, unsurprisingly admits his televised date was not a resounding success.
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015.
Last year, Holden shared the title of most recalls with Jeep after issuing 14 notices to recall around nine vehicles.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five.
But in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Jack Rivera captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
Thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air.
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
In 2007, 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa.
The horns were removed and sold on the Asian medicine market.
But attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful and Sudan is now getting old.
Samantha Cameron visited Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent.
Prime Minister's wife visited the special school for three to 19-year-olds.
She was joined by Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst who stood against Mark Reckless.
Mr Reckless defected from the Tories to Ukip last summer.
He held Rochester and Strood by-election with a majority of 2,920.
Mrs Cameron is expected to make a series of stridently political interventions.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to killing them for being'mouthy'
Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final.
Paul Gascoigne's free-kick was one of the all-time great goals at Wembley.
It came five minutes into the game, and Spurs went on to win.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Police in North Las Vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl's mother.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
Maura Pally defended foundation's work and reaffirmed commitment to transparency.
She said donations from foreign governments could not be disclosed under Canadian law.
Founded in 2001 by former President Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea.
Pally said foundation would'remedy' any errors but stressed total revenue was reported accurately.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress this season.
The former QPR boss says Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids.
Tottenham are currently occupying a place only in the top six.
Redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy.
Red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash, became stuck in the wall.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
The decision comes after prostitutes were disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Yale University researchers have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him', while Florida residents can be heard using the phrase, 'I ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em'
The interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region, as well as its source.
The 50-year-old man collapsed after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there – in European football.
A New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father.
The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark.
A judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they are preteen-appropriate.
Ashley Pegram, 28, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on April 3.
Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as Emoney Bon.
But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, Edward Primo Bonilla.
Bonilla has been charged with obstructing justice and he was given a $400,000 surety bond.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century'
Ali was banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the US military to fight in Vietnam.
Migrant tragedy took this year's death toll on the Mediterranean to 1,800.
Three other people - including a tiny child - died when boat ran aground on Greek island of Rhodes.
UN said 23,500 migrants had sailed to Italy this year, in addition to 12,000 who sailed to Greece.
Emergency meeting of EU leaders in Brussels today will announce only 5,000 refugees will be granted safe haven in Europe.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama.
A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
England lost five wickets for 20 runs on day two of the first Test.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets to become England's most prolific bowler.
Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record.
Rotherham were sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
But Evans insists he does not know the strength of his club's defence.
Baby elephant walks alongside its herd at Whipsnade Zoo, Bedfordshire.
It stops to dawdle and picks something up from the grass before setting off again.
Keepers assist six elephants along a path - five of which walk in single file.
The cheeky elephant forces itself into the line at the expense of the elephant behind it.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper.
Fragoso said she initially thought the whole thing was a joke, but figured out it was no laughing matter.
The crackdown is part of a campaign for the state to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Kim Rose, 57, is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen.
He is being investigated by officers after laying out snacks at event.
Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by candidates if provision is intended to influence votes.
Mr Rose, a jeweller, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Hundreds of squatters have made their home in a litter-strewn shanty town.
They are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London.
The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head next month.
Nappers have taken over more than half of beds and sofas in Beijing.
Staff at Swedish furniture store IKEA have now banned shoppers from napping.
Customers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks.
One shopper said: 'Yes it may affect customers... but it shouldn't be too much of a problem'
Brian Williams was suspended for six months after lying about being on a U.S. military chopper hit by a rocket-propelled grenade over Iraq.
He was also accused of dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through the French Quarter of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina.
An internal investigation has reportedly found that Williams embellished at least 11 different reports.
The total, cited in media reports, would mean the trail of deceit goes far deeper than previously reported.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Does luxury honey really taste different enough from ordinary varieties to justify its price tag?
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following recent poor results.
The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Harlequins full back Ugo Monye is hanging up his boots at the end of the season.
Footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group on a Jet2 flight.
The yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sang and swore their way to Alicante.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft when it landed in Spain.
Some experts are questioning if having packed out planes is putting passengers at risk.
They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger.
Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
She says de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block will add cash to your sale.
The experts say you can profit even more handsomely from a bit of elbow-grease.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22.
The mountain lion has made his home in the crawl space under the house.
It is thought he crossed the 405 and 101 freeways to get to Griffith Park.
But it is not known how long he has been living there - and rescue workers have resorted to using beanbags to move him.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana.
It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
Ex-Manchester United and England defender Paul Parker's passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The seller was open to offers but the item is no longer available.
Parker played for United between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship.
Tottenham will travel to Malaysia for a post-season friendly.
Kane is keen to play in Gareth Southgate's side at the tournament.
The 21-year-old scored just 79 seconds into his England debut.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said death was 'a tragic accident'
Family described Carwyn as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy'
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
Research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia.
The resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer is listing his charming Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydney’s affluent Eastern Suburbs.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV.
Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of 'dangerous scaremongering'
But official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas.
Cara Newton, 32, was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally.
She was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev.
Jonjo Shelvey scored a penalty to level the scores at the Liberty Stadium.
The Merseyside outfit are currently in the bottom half of the Premier League.
Kibulu the African lion cub has been at Zambi Wildlife Retreat since he was three weeks old.
The sanctuary is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Zambi is the first and only exotic animal retreat in Australia.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
The Bolton fighter has been linked with a fight with Kell Brook.
Khan has previously refused to fight with Brook, but now promises it will take place within 12 months.
Algieri lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen.
Today, 25 April 2015, a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe.
The Dardanelles Campaign was one of the bloodiest and most ill-conceived campaigns of the Great War.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train.
His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police.
Isabelle allegedly punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair.
He also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
The middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage
Hannah Campbell, 30, suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit Basra.
She was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her leg was shattered.
Shrapnel damaged her abdomen, leading doctors to tell her she'd never conceive again.
Two years after the blast she elected to have her leg amputated.
During her recovery she gained weight from being wheelchair-bound.
Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforated.
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
Industrial processes, which rely on the combustion of fossil fuels, are responsible for a significant proportion of Australia’s carbon dioxide emissions.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games.
The 45-year-old now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
He is unbeaten in 49 professional fights and considered one of boxing's all-time greats.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons.
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month.
Mitchell-Clark reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
They found out they work at the came call-center operations company and live six minutes away from one another.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion.
It was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain's affluence.
But it has proved to be one of a number of many white elephants for the nation.
Taken on frontline of fighting in countryside outside rebel-held city of Aleppo.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees.
ISIS released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life as happy and carefree.
They distributed images of smiling farmers living near Aleppo who use Western technology to grow and harvest their abundant crops.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup.
But he was substituted at half time by Louis van Gaal.
Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the England squad.
The £28million defender is struggling to come to terms with his new life.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Monaco striker.
The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and PSG's Edinson Cavani.
Fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants.
12 men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths, witnesses say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
They are from Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey announced that each states and territories' treasurer had agreed to the tax.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations.
Florent Malouda has named his Fantasy Football XI.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Malaouda picked Petr Cech to start in between the sticks.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent’s Park at 8.30am yesterday.
As he went for a cycle ride, Mrs Goldsmith took dogs for a stroll.
A cyclist, listening to music on his headphones, ran straight over Cheech.
Mr Goldsmith released a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter.
He said: 'Evil s***... Coming to get ya'
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks have been hit with a record £21million fine.
Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
Staff deliberately obstructed its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI, or they lied about not being able to trace documents.
Deal aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments.
He also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
David Cameron and Barack Obama insisted the deal was'strong'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano.
The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window.
Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford.
Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
Federal tax-exempt status is confered on groups that serve a public purpose, including issue advocacy, and allows them to promise tax deductions to their donors.
An Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania, shows the driver standing next to his vehicle.
Making an attempt to scare them away, the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
It features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen across
Gary Cahill has won four cups with Chelsea since January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
A fixed-term Starter Marriage would work better for many couples, says Susan Pease Gadoua.
Couples sign a renewable contract known as a 'wedlease'
Instead of promising 'til death do us part', couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'
At the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage, at which point they should draw up a revised contract.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Australian parents spend an average of 140 hours per year getting children breakfast.
Sophie Falkiner, 41, says she has a'million and one' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat - with a high Body Mass Index - could raise the risk.
Study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February.
The 79th Masters gets underway at Augusta National on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Comedian and travel writer Dom Joly made a real splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in Brazil.
The 47-year-old was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg.
As the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels.
Earlier, Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain's Olympic medallist, Tom Daley, for TV show Splash!
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto.
Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
Dina reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar.
Nemtsov, 55, died on February 27 when he was gunned down near the Kremlin.
MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster.
A BA pilot claimed the airline did not carry out mental health checks.
Mary Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
The 120-pound mother-of-four broke the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour.
Schuyler also earned $6,000 in prize money.
Philadelphia-based artist Alison Nastasi has curated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Wales climb to world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rise to its highest-ever spot at No 3, followed by Argentina.
Costa Rica fall two spots to No 15 but still lead CONCACAF nations.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday.
Her burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW.
The 26-year-old was due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley last Saturday.
Ms Scott was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed.
The pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven other prisoners.
They were transferred from their home of almost ten years – Bali’s notorious Kerobokan prison – in a dramatic show of force, over a month ago.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
Hazard nut-megged David De Gea for the opening goal of the game.
Jose Mourinho's side will win the Premier League for the third time in five attempts.
John Allan claimed David Cameron's decision to promise in-out referendum means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested large firms like Tesco could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly'
The Tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in out referendum by 2017, but only after reform of Britain's membership.
Mr Allan also warned the political parties to be careful in their approach in dealing with the issue of immigration.
Carla Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final.
It's the eighth time that the 12th seed has reached a WTA final.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Public and Commercial Services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free.
They include leading paid-for tours, carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages to overseas visitors.
Now, staff have voted ‘overwhelmingly’ in favour of industrial action.
Scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming.
Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
This molecule and its simpler organic cousin hydrogen cyanide were identified in the cold outer reaches of the newly formed disc.
The region can be compared with our solar system's Kuiper Belt, a realm of icy mini-worlds and comets beyond Neptune.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
She launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009.
The student, a substitute public school teacher in Miami, married last Valentine's Day.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
Poll of more than 2,000 adults to mark Allergy Awareness Week.
Two-thirds don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save lives.
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home.
U.S. Secret Service said the unnamed person was in custody in Washington DC.
The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN.
It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday.
The 21-year-old scored in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United.
Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
'hospital waiting-room-style' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families.
The behaviour of some youngsters is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them.
Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months, up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year.
Cross-dressing robber robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria.
He demanded money from the till and a fake firearm.
Police have released an image of a man they believe is responsible.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
They found that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent.
Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered deadly toxin off 'dark web'
He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers.
The 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
But he claimed he was attempting to buy it because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal, a site designated as especially polluted.
He quit less than halfway through the swim but vowed to swim the whole canal one day.
The EPA warned Swain against taking the swim, posting a message on its Twitter account saying that it'strongly advises AGAINST swimming' in the strip of water.
A baby whale became lost in the canal in 2007 and was nicknamed Sludgie by locals and died within two days.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Kroeger appeared on SNL from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Saudi Arabia and several Arab allies have imposed an air and naval blockade on Yemen in a two-week campaign that has been condemned by Iran.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations.
He captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s.
Benaud took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs.
His commentary rules should be required reading for anyone entering the commentary box today.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures.
Having the extendable pole allows the animal a comfortable distance from the photographer while being photographed.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles away.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role.
He claims he has been sacked for whistle blowing after allegations.
Researchers at the University of North Carolina tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers.
They then recorded the results using EEG.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
They were discovered in 1929 by Hans Berger, who invented EEG.
Amanda Holden, 44, is a judge of Britain's Got Talent.
She married record producer Chris Hughes in 2008.
The mother-of-two has two daughters, aged nine and three.
Holden has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her appearance.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour.
Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben helped deliver his brother Theo, who weighed in at a healthy 6lbs 15oz.
Lisa Williams, 49, jailed for 30 months for maliciously wounding David Coleman.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams, who has no previous convictions, has been living apart from her family for two years.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans says she will step in as leader.
Mr Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication.
Ukip leader has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in Thanet South.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope.
Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos.
The couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Within two hours of the first tweet being sent the brand posted an apology and confirmed they would be withdrawing the book from shelves.
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says he and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox.
Over the decade that the statue has been in place, people have been touching the hand of Yu The Great, the fox's back, and wife's chest.
Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture, but admit the behaviour is unlikey to change.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, and Henry Rogers, 22, both weighed 18st at their heaviest.
Henry, from Ealing, was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman.
Jamie, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday and was so self-conscious he would hardly ever pose for photos.
After two years of intense training, he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st.
The pair have even ventured into the world of reality TV, starring on New York's answer to Made In Chelsea, Taking New York.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 48th minute.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes for the Eagles.
Alan Pardew's side now sit fifth in the Premier League table.
Martin Odegaard was named on the bench as Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0.
The 16-year-old will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player if he comes on.
Odegaard is already a full international for Norway and does not turn 17 until December.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
The 25-year-old was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in 1989.
He was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage.
Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection.
The Secretary of State for Health admitted liability, accepting the failure to give the man vitamin K breached their duty of care.
At London's High Court today, Judge Michael Yelton approved the £7.3 million settlement.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop'
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 nationals.
The former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat.
He tweeted that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the Pakistan High Commission.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
The air temperature was around -25C (-13F) and the lava temperature would have been more than 1,000C (1832F)
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.
On Friday morning, volunteers came to the shelter to say good-bye to Chester, a longtime favorite among those who'd come regularly to walk him.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing from Glasgow nightclub on Sunday morning.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police say they are 'gravely concerned' about her safety.
Her parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help in the search.
A handbag thought to belong to Miss Buckley was found in a park yesterday.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
He also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
He credits his mother, a Nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example for him.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in.
Happy Cloud has had to change her screen name to her married name, Rojas, even though she is no longer with her husband.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year.
After a legal battle, the policy has been changed and the teen was allowed to wear makeup for her ID.
Manchester United beat City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Daley Blind hailed Wayne Rooney's team talk before the game.
Blind believes United need to focus on the end of the season.
United face Chelsea in the Champions League on Saturday.
Aidan Turner, 31, stripped off to mow a hay field with a scythe.
Scything expert Chris Riley says his physique is more like rocker Iggy Pop.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about Turner's shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry also set to take part alongside youngsters.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot against Manchester United.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
Police said they now consider the case to be closed.
It came after details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
Iona's husband George, co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme.
But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time as Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1.
David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City.
New York's Lloyd Sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at high-flying DC United.
San Jose's Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in their win over Vancouver.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon buoyed by TV debates opposing austerity cuts.
52% now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
The BBC's coverage of the FA Cup semi-final kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispin's Day speech from the film of Henry V.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the coverage at Wembley.
The BBC may miss out on the Premier League's pricey weekly thrills, but took the biscuit on Saturday.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible'
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before TV showdown.
Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was'relishing' debate.
The two-hour live debate will take place in Salford's MediaCityUK.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the roadway.
Four patients were being treated at Community Regional Medical Center's burn and trauma
Ronda Rousey appeared at the premiere of action film Fast & Furious 7.
The UFC bantamweight champion was all smiles at the Hollywood event.
Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria posted an image saying: 'My little pumpkin grew up'
The premiere follows Rousey’s acclaimed debut WWE appearance in WrestleMania 31.
Sgt. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, has been married ten times.
Her first marriage took place in 1999, followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam.
She married six men in 2002 - namely Davit Koridze, Duran Goktepe, Aliaksandr Paharelau, Rashid Rajput, and Kakhaber Khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita.
Barrientos has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
Airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes.
The funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures.
Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change.
Amount was $107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains four species – daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself on Instagram while decorating colourful Easter baskets.
Myleene Klass, Amanda Holden and Fearne Cotton all took advantage of the reasonable April weather.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12.
Kaneshiro had a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, according to Sherdog.
Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole in Shirley, Solihull.
The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15 feet of the ground on the pedestrian walkway.
Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident.
Anthony Bethell and St John's College, Oxford embroiled in row over hedgerow.
Hedge divides his one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by college.
Mr Bethell claims college has refused to agree with him on the matter.
Crown court judge said bushes are quickly becoming'most expensive hedge in Warwickshire'
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own car.
Drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV found 31 per cent of men had never washed their car.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Dame Judi Dench and Jamie Lee Curtis have also let their natural tones shine through.
Tottenham host Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have been struggling this season.
Some Newcastle fans plan to boycott the game in protest against owner Mike Ashley.
Pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to the north east.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard.
Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron.
The gang leader was jailed for 12 years at Caernarfon Crown Court yesterday.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS.
The 16-year-old was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane.
He was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down.
Odegaard missed the two games before Sunday's match, which ended 1-1.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at Sandown on Saturday.
The awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career.
She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Two of her closest friends were former Texas Governor Ann Richard and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Walter's owner said he is a 'gentle soul' and was handed to her so he could live out his final years in retirement with other bats in a similar circumstance.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is expecting quadruplets.
Her youngest of 13 children told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
The schoolteacher from Berlin is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, gained 12 stone after binge eating.
Mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas.
She hid food in medicine cabinet so her family didn't know what she was doing.
Doctors agreed she could undergo weight loss surgery but first they said she had to shed some pounds.
In January 2013 she started only drinking juice.
Now weighs 11 stone and loves healthy food.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in Stuttgart.
The German won the Porsche Grand Prix for her second title of the season.
Kerber beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Wakefield Wildcats were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves.
Richie Myler scored a hat-trick of tries and Stefan Ratchford scored 28 points.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao could be streamed for free on social media.
Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions.
Periscope allows users to broadcast live video to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse.
He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
Naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages.
But the couple call it 'an accident', not child abuse.
A civil jury found Brenda Burns
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Two other teens have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been released from jail shortly before the incident and was bouncing from friends' and relatives' houses to sleep.
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry clashed with Cairo's Al-Ahly after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
The court will make a final decision on their fates on May 30.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Brown also netted for the Blues.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of BBC'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom.
The Bolton-born boxer was joined by his wife and daughter.
Khan has announced his next fight will be against Chris Algieri.
Britain's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014.
Banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers.
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Paolo Dybala has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Argentine forward scored his 13th league goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsenal and Juventus have already approached the club with bids.
Dybala insists he was only there for the football, and not to discuss a potential transfer.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday night.
The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona.
Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez.
His latest puts the 30-year-old just seven goals behind Alfredo Di Stefano's record of 307 in 396 outings, and 23 shy of Raul's 323 in 741.
An elderly man was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf on Monday.
John Lahiff believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile.
The 1.2 metre reptile was more frightened than he was and that the spat was partially the golfer's own fault.
Mr Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital, swearing he will return to the green again.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by searching for deals.
Mother-of-one has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage.
She estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Barcelona, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
Louis van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America.
The Premier League giants will play Club America in Seattle and San Jose Quakes in San Francisco before facing PSG in Chicago on the way home.
United will also play in the International Champions' Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer.
The collagen-laced brew boasts a five per cent alcohol content level.
It claims to have two grams of collagen per can.
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture.
As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to lose firmness.
This isn’t the first time Japan has tried to pump collagen into people.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Victoria.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A large search is being carried by search and rescue teams.
Prime Minister and outgoing Leader of the Commons William Hague to launch English document.
It follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos.
Centpiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of 'English votes for English laws'
Will give English MPs effective veto over legislation applying only to constituents.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
She never revealed her past until her partner Rob asked her.
Rob helped put Derek behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
The floors are given over to black-and-white squares with embedded stars.
The woman known only as Goska has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil.
She has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country.
Roy Hodgson's team looked like he had one eye on the future.
If Carrick comes on, so be it, says Wayne Rooney.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
But when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Tottenham are determined to keep the France No 1 at White Hart Lane.
United are considering a move for the keeper as fears grow over David de Gea's future.
The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6m Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.
Geneticists at Harvard University analysed ancient human remains.
They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
It was not until 7,800 years ago that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Despite this however, the video itself has been met with some concern from viewers.
PETA's UK director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that ill-informed people are often inspired
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support.
Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading.
The 23-year-old hasn't featured for the Gunners since November.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst.
The three-minute video was viewed more than three million times on YouTube.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York tonight to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13.
Symptoms of norovirus include vomiting, diarrhea, fever and body aches.
Borussia Dortmund travel to Hannover in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund have shared the last five titles.
The two sides meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan.
British national arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front.
Members took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week.
Both the prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
Two members of the DHKP-C and the prosecutor they held hostage died after shootout.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress.
He said judges should be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Following a controversial trial in 2003, Lord Chief Justice Lord Thomas said there was a need for clear guidance on the issue.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years.
His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is the eldest of the three children who left Luton Town's academy to make the 100-mile round trip to Chelsea’s Cobham training base.
The academy scholar scored in the thrilling 7-6 aggregate victory in the FA Youth Cup final against Fulham last year.
Jose Mourinho has made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of Chelsea's youngsters next season.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for the club's Under-21s on Tuesday.
The Dutchman has only made one league start this season.
De Jong is in contention for a seat on the bench at St James' Park.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home.
Deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect.
Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department's Facebook page after the video went viral.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers - though they usually prefer fresh water to the open ocean.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' Ashley responded.
The anchors then introduced a 'fashion expert' to talk more about rings — but the expert turned out to be none other than Ashley's boyfriend Justin.
Bettie Jo, 24, from Houston, Texas, weighed 47 stone (660lb)
She was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs.
Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals.
He put powder between her rolls of flesh to stop her skin from chafing.
She now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) and can stand up on her own.
Alexander Kutner travelled to Ulusaba, Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve in South Africa's Sabi Sands.
Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Just the day before, we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will to deal with £1.2m estate.
This could mean complications for his wife of 29 years, Barbara, and their three adult children.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds.
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt.
Herrera joined Manchester United for £29million from Athletic Bilbao.
The Spaniard says he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power.
They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning.
The utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by 2,000%.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today while other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Paul Smith has landed a shot at Andre Ward.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Almost all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends.
Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries.
Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again.
Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife Antonella Roccuzzo kissing her stomach.
The couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him.
Manchester City have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
UEFA's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season.
Manchester United, Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City.
Senators voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
It charts Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career.
The film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday.
Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen arrived.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Ryan Mason has also been affected.
Pochettino hopes to see a big improvement against Newcastle.
Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox.
Rangers lost 2-0 to Rangers at Easter Road 12 days ago.
The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August.
Keanu Reeves visited Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The actor grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports F1.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.
He is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others.
Police launched a massive manhunt to find the culprit behind the shootings.
They locked down a school and college in a 'lockdown'
Giroux is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday.
Shay Given will keep his place in the Villa side for the final.
Brad Guzan is set to lose out again for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Israeli Jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on Thursday marking Holocaust memorial day.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
German government warned of risk of flying over Ukraine in diplomatic cables.
But it failed to pass on warning two days before MH17 crash, it is claimed.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
The Frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh FA.
Vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
The 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance forced him to move house.
On Easter Monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs.
In Australia, 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking.
Around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves either 'beautiful' or 'average'
The survey results are highlighted in a new video by Dove.
Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver.
It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
Locals say the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter.
Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for Sumo Salad.
The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' paleo controversies.
This comes after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
Evans' book Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated in November.
They were convicted of murdering Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975.
Bridgeman served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder.
Last year, the three men were released after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony.
Ricky Jackson, 58, was the longest-serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 conviction.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch.
When she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania.
Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam's prophet Muhammad.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865.
Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi.
As the manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street.
The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
Stuart Lancaster and his assistants are being stalked by calls for Steffon Armitage to be called into the national squad.
But that is to ignore the coaches’ reservations, and the realisation that the fall-out from a shift in policy would have long-term repercussions.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Connie Bell Going, 52, will officially become Davion's mother on April 22.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
A clutch of sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham.
They were packed with poison and hidden among the grass on the trail.
Dog owners are now being warned by Sussex Police to be aware.
Audrey Pekin says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
The 19-year-old claims she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu.
Alafu lured her to his remote home and raped her on two separate occasions.
She had a 'virginity test' at Sanglah Hospital, which she said was similar to a 'third assault'
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp.
Arenson revealed that the Google engineer and Arkansas-native wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, thought she was getting her period.
But when she made a dash for the bathroom, she found she was in labour.
She gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes'
Miss Kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
This is the California-based SpaceX company's seventh station supply run since 2012, all from Cape Canaveral.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted 500ft to riverbank.
Pair had done almost 500 base-jumps between them when they were injured.
Mr Carey fractured vertebrae and sprained right ankle in fall.
He was told he may never walk again after being injured, but recovered.
Now Mr Carey has retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge.
Manny Pacquiao met NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and NBA star Jeremy Lin.
The Filipino took to Instagram to show off his ripped physique.
Floyd Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
A suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
It killed 35 people and injured another 125 as crowds bustled around them.
Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted: 'We condemn/deny involvement in both'
Photos taken moments after the explosion show shoes, belongings and commercial goods scattered across the road and pavement.
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game.
Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident.
Goult, wearing a suit and pink shirt, spoke to confirm his name and deny the charge.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs.
She was knocked unconscious during the second inning at PNC Park.
The ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head.
After 22-minute delay, she was taken to hospital on a stretcher.
Her condition is currently unknown.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which they said totalled £816,127.86p.
But Newcastle Crown Court heard he now has no available assets and must pay back just £1.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates to gay rights groups and strangers.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice.
They found 82 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days.
But in older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent regenerated.
Pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart.
Karen Wakefield and her partner Paul Dawson featured on BBC documentary.
Six-part show aimed to show what life was like in Harpurhey, Manchester.
It was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in negative light.
Mrs Wakefield is due to appear in court after refusing to pay fines.
She claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months.
The mother-of-two said she doesn't like being told when she can go on holiday.
George Clooney's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday.
She was accompanied by Laila Ali, the wife of the jailed politician, and Jared Genser, the founder of the organization Freedom Now.
Nasheed was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
The case against the president stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the Maldivian military.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour three weeks ago.
He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain.
His family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
Wolfsburg midfielder has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
De Bruyne is expected to cost around £40million after joining Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida.
The video could see him charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 in fines.
His stepfather and mother Angel Eaves have said they are 'deeply concerned' about the well-being of their son.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday.
Neymar was substituted after 20 minutes with Lionel Messi's opener.
Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's petulant reaction.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
It has to showcase more screenshots by April 27, followed by video footage the week after.
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £28,000 over two years.
He was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted junior colleague for 'taking his eye off the ball'
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue.
He dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times.
The video was filmed at her cousin Albert's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton.
The 18-year-old has just a cut on the nose to show for the fall.
Ferguson’s spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Eddie Howe has called on Bournemouth fans to inspire his side.
The Cherries face Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Birmingham.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages.
Kick It Out has formed an expert group to tackle football-related hate crime across social media.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting.
The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history.
He made a staggering 77 shots in the row during a Golden State' drill during the session.
However, the MVP candidate was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
The girl, who has not been named, attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California.
She has been kept home by her mother since the threats began at the start of this week.
Detectives believe the threats originate from other school children.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
She posted picture of herself posing in front of 'no white men' sign on Facebook.
The poster also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match is the opposite of transgender.
Miss Mustafa recently graduated from the university with an MA in gender and media studies.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
His friend, who tried to help fatally injured him, remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
Pictures from his Facebook account paints a 'top bloke' who got along with everyone and loved travelling, partying and going to festivals and sporting events.
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat.
A fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
‘Hot-or-not’ videos are so public increases a young person’s feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the kid is growing quickly and healthily with 'an extraordinary appetite'
Chris Ball, 21, made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family.
He told them there was nothing they could have done to stop him taking his own life.
His family have shared the video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
It is part of a petition to call for more beds for suicidal youths in hospitals.
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
There is no evidence for smelting, casting, or alloying of metals in the Western Hemisphere north of Mexico prior to the arrival of Europeans.
The latest discovery of bronze artefacts backs up earlier evidence for trade between Alaska and other civilisations prior to 1492.
Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season.
The 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the Championship team.
Manchester City are determined to sign more young English players.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops.
But claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
Also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed that he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies on Friday night.
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Anderson is not one of those former players who look at records and hope they stay at the top of the tree.
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is on the run.
CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head.
She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May when she planted the hairs and complained to staff.
Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan.
But two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable.
Over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday.
He even woke her up and fed her midnight snacks in a bid to stop her attracting too much attention from other men.
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
The Money Man's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father Floyd's training camp.
Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
National Union of Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for children up to seven.
They want schools to introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times.
It is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming'
NUT general secretary Christine Blower said many children are not ready for 'formal sitting down'
Dave King is back on the Rangers board after being cleared by the Court of Session.
The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’
King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the boardroom last month.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman.
Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster.
The resignation  marks another blow for the hugely-popular show, which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed last month following a 'fracas' with a producer.
Prime Minister made a visit to Poole, Dorset and sunny Bristol.
He read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ policies.
The day was hailed as ‘Money Back Monday’ because it was the start of the financial year.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat.
On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Engineers believe tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants.
They found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos.
This means that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Tampons can glow in ultra-violet (UV) light, because they absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’ which are used to whiten and brighten colours.
The technique was trialled in the field by suspending tampons for three days in sixteen
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined.
Benaud's memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Doncaster Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Fleetwood Town.
The media team had to stick up the match highlights on their YouTube channel.
They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact.
Everton beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team.
Ashley Barnes was sent off just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
Everton midfielder Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead from the spot.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations.
His grandfather, George William Thomson, was a qualified dentist who toiled for many hours on end as part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies.
He tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
'I was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families,' said Richard Wilkins.
Donald Allen, 66, pointed a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25.
He then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does.
The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost.
It was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
He assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital.
But the hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is keen to impress Luis Enrique in the Champions League.
The 22-year-old has failed to make his La Liga debut since joining the club in the summer.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.
Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews were included in the figure.
2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009, according to Tel Aviv University.
Adele Adkins has topped the list of Britain's richest musicians under 30.
The mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year’s biggest rise, with a £13million boost.
Sam Smith, 22, is a new entry with £12million, placing him on par with Florence Welch and Jamie Cook.
Adele's hotly anticipated but much delayed third album is believed to be set for release later this year.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane.
The three, including a man and a woman in their twenties, were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to give the Hoops a 1-1 lead.
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy on the touchline.
Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Mr Lubitz, 27, had been plotting the disaster online under the name Skydevil.
Sondheimer spent up to five minutes trying to smash his way into cockpit using axe.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended.
The men were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
The guards were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Some of the guards compared Muslims to Nazis while others accused companies with Halal-certified products of supporting terrorism.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on April 8.
The Portuguese forward only needed 288 games to reach the milestone.
Ronaldo was presented with a '300' strip by club president Florentino Perez.
Real Madrid host Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday.
Investigators concluded that Lee is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel Go Set a Watchman.
The 88-year-old author, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, has reportedly been deaf and blind since 2007.
Lee's attorneys had announced the release of the novel, due in July, and that publishing house HarperCollins had not had any direct contact with her.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Silicani rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years.
An anonymous waitress has publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she worked at a cafe in Auckland.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, Indiana, on Monday.
Her friends thought she was too drunk to go there and put her in a taxi to go home.
She was found dead from blunt force trauma to the head on Friday morning.
Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
Wilson's body has never been found and no criminal charges have been filed.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, West Sussex.
Police have released video stills and footage of her last movements.
The student's family said her death had left a 'deep hole' in their hearts.
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week.
The South African legend is withering in his contempt of those who say he is ‘bulking up’ too much in the gym.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
He went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting to a low-cost airline.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
But there are signs that its crown as the world's culinary king has been slipping for some time.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Aston Villa against QPR.
The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in his last six games.
Benteke has been rejuvenated under Tim Sherwood, scoring a goal every 87 minutes since the new Villa manager took over.
Raheem Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing an aggressive strategy.
Liverpool have made clear their own approach to future contract negotiations with their players.
Daniel Sturridge is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25m.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle.
Judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
Now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash.
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them in the General Election.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
The former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies.
Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand Jacamo.
Personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37.
Ad sees them model latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
Town and Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
New antibody injection could 'wipe out advanced cancer' by rooting out and obliterating tumours, scientists have revealed.
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system.
They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in this case the tumour - and through the use of signalling cells, alert T-cells, that act like the immune's system's SWAT team.
When
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
The 72-year-old was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
Morgan Stanley said the prospect of a Labour government would create the ‘greatest uncertainty’ of any election result.
Its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’
A second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome on May 7.
Blake, 27, gave birth to daughter James three months ago.
She has been promoting her new movie Age Of Adaline.
Says losing weight hasn't been a priority for her.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman's side have not forgiven Mauricio Pochettino.
Fans are planning to wear orange to show their support for Koeman.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened.
Older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest have gone up by nine times as much.
Critics say employers are cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
Australia World Cup winner James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire for the bulk of this summer.
Faulkner will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad.
He was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand to win the World Cup last month.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Meanwhile, Mrs Meitaiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Pink croc Hermes Birkin bag comes embellished with rubies.
The bag is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store.
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the bag.
The event took place in Xi'an, the capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province.
It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history.
Derby County want Burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren.
Dyche has impressed in the Premier League this season.
Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival.
Elijah McCrae's parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son.
Elijah suffered from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
His parents created the list in an effort to avoid wallowing in the sadness of the shocking situation.
The list included plans to take a road trip to Queensland to watch the sunrise, and visits to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old will be on the move again this summer.
Richards joined Fiorentina on a season-long loan from City.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are showing an interest.
Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday.
Her England team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box.
Referee Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick.
England held on in the final moments to secure the draw and, with it, a place in the European Championships this summer.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults.
Alesana had a strong relationship with her counselor at Fallbrook High School, north of San Diego, but school administrators 'didn't take the necessary steps'
Jonathan Trott returned to the international scene after 18 months out.
England Test captain Alastair Cook is delighted to have the batsman back.
Trott has scored 49 Tests, 3,763 runs and nine centuries for Warwickshire.
Leo Schofield, 79, has slammed Tasmania as a state full of 'dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'
He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
'I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
This increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism.
Firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Two schoolboys have been arrested for the arson attack that devastated the sensitive heathland.
Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed.
Forecasters said there is a risk of rain across the country for the rest of the week and it will continue to be colder than the seasonal average.
Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
For that prize, Sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify.
Sam is not the only winner going home empty handed either, as under NCAA guidelines college athletes cannot accept any forms of payment or gifts.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The boxing champion wrote and sang the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino'
The 80s style music video includes a montage of his various fights and humanitarian efforts fade in and out.
Everton face Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of his Wigan side.
The Toffees remain two points from safety in the Premier League.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24 people and costs from £450 per night on Holiday Lettings.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, sourced the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest.
She said: 'I have always been mad about the story and it was my favourite Disney film'
Ukip's education spokesman appeared in manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
Vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Ukip deputy leader joked on Twitter: ‘I just have two copies of every book’
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries set to contribute to naval exercise.
Exercise hailed by Government as one of largest land, air, and sea training exercises run in Europe.
Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal of the game with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Charlie Austin headed the visitors ahead in the 35th minute thanks to Austin.
Eduardo Vargas fired QPR into the lead with a 25-yard strike from 25 yards.
Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana on Monday.
World No 5 was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt.
The pair were in the stands during the NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
She was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll and play tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
The settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by Ministry of Defence as a result of bullying.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice.
The problem is partly caused by immune system 'B-cells' that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers.
Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
The vehicle had been rebuilt or restored, with new elements.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway, New Jersey, when the ceiling collapsed.
Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
MPs in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health.
It is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate.
Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr, near Bundabab, on Tuesday.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said.
RSPCA spokesman Michael Beatty says early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too
Large areas of Sydney have been hit by a hail storm this afternoon.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west.
The storm was the result of an East Coast Low, which is also known as an extratropical cyclone.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response.
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
KFC’s human resources boss, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company.
When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers, they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, 46, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
She had a nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain.
The teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15.
Debbie, who recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show called ‘Fake Britain’, says: 'I want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses'
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season for Arsenal.
Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool.
The Gunners host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the job.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away.
There are no known injuries at the facility, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
A fire department spokesperson said that building caught on fire contained plastics.
Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire.
As she left the car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle.
He smashed the bottle against her window, causing the glass to shatter.
Ms Knaptons was left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth.
She also lost a tooth and had to have several stitches on both sides of her lips.
Her family have released shocking photos which show the extent of her injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia.
Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events, but believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday.
Investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff, which overshadows the Lac de Flaine.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Nasri to leave.
Toure will be made available before his value in the market dwindles.
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for.
Her favorite nurse decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair.
The nurse is clearly shocked as she screams before she grabs Bailey.
Both burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Friday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as those in Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Brazilian ace Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due to the weather.
No injuries have been reported, however police and ambulance are still investigating at the scene.
Olivier Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday.
Giroud admits he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his latest hairstyle.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat.
The fast-casual chain only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire.
Other retailers such as grocery store chain Kroger have begun taking up some of Chipotle's ethical standards.
Video posted to Facebook has been watched more than 3.5million times.
Teens are encouraged to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The video involves placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns.
Uber has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning in a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of assuming Billy Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence.
Mr Katter said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past.
He has since defended the statement, saying he used the term black puppet 'because I'm dark and I come from Cloncurry'
JB Holmes won the Houston Open after two play-off holes.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole.
Holmes started the day six shots off the lead.
But he stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Gianni Paladini registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company.
Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011.
He has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to Manchester City about the midfielder's future.
Toure's days at the Etihad Stadium may be numbered, with City prepared to listen to offers for the 31-year-old.
The Ivory Coast international earns more than £1m a month at City.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, lost 16st after gastric bypass surgery.
Father-of-three from Bradford, West Yorkshire, struggled to control Type 2 diabetes.
He was forced to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane.
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker, but bulky and expensive.
Mandy's best for budgets is the Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
This is the evolutionary tree of sperm whales showing links between extinct and living species, and when the spermaceti organ changed shape.
Canadian Fair Trade Network has teamed up with Rethink adverts.
They feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
The final image, of a smart jacket, highlights a working day for 12-year-old.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Edinson Cavani has been suspended for the last 16 of the competition.
The striker has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield.
The four-year-old beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from Tryster.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words.
The program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
In February he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.
The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing.
Holly Leonard, who was homeless and had spent time in prison, now has a house.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match.
A New Zealand racing presenter has become a viral sensation after his ecstatic celebration of racehorse’s victory was caught on film.
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby.
Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'
The winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Sir John Chilcot's inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source says.
Further delays to inquiry will fuel claims those criticised over war are trying to bury bad news.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday evening.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
Arsenal will take on Reading as Chelsea take on Manchester United.
Wenger also branded rumours Jurgen Klopp will be replaced as Dortmund manager 'ridiculous'
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page.
It shows a silver car on the side of a busy road laden down with large red chillies.
The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence.
Many commenters on the post have questioned what the car owner's offence actually was.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook.
Andrea Yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
But she was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006 and moved to a mental health facility.
Her ex-husband, Russell 'Rusty' Yates, has since remarried and has a five-year-old son.
He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness'
He said: 'They just take her and put her on public display, with the bodies of my children'
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday.
Trott was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
The England batsman believes his Brisbane breakdown was the culmination of problems that were eventually diagnosed as situational anxiety.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4 6- 4 in an hour and 42 minutes.
The Scot is through to Sunday's final of the Miami Open.
Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final.
It will be Murray's first Masters level final since winning the title two years ago.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the Molalla Log Cabin for seven years.
They believe it could have been built as early as 1795 - a decade before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners.
It was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night.
The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final win, picking himself up each time.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
He watched a Sky Sports special dedicated to George Best and saw the Manchester United great dribble through a forest of tackles to score.
Detlef Guenzel killed Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz in 2013.
The 57-year-old was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead.
Prosecutors had sought a 15-year sentence, usually the maximum in a murder case.
But they stopped short of this because he said he wanted to die.
Mahendra Bavishi, 69, said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
Mr Bavishi said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
He described the robbery as a 'tragedy' for his family after the business had just started to make a small profit following years of losses.
AP McCoy won the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday.
McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the race.
The Irishman will be praying he doesn't win Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.
It is thought the men had climbed into the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest fights in the world over the past decade.
Pacquiao was born into poverty in the Philippines and moved to Manila aged 14 to pursue his boxing career.
Pictures show the 36-year-old training at the LM Gym in Manila at the age of 17 after he won his first 10 professional bouts.
Mayweather was preparing to box at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, where he won a bronze medal.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets.
The race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Mr Rahman denies those charges.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after being diagnosed with mesothelioma.
Coroner recorded a verdict of death as a result of industrial disease.
Post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung.
Her husband, Nigel, said his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm.
He said: 'There was sufficient exposure to asbestos in her occupation for me to reach a conclusion that this lady died from an industrial disease'
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
When police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God, police said.
A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer.
Crowder was booked into Brevard County Jail Complex and later posted bond to be released.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Real Madrid travel to the Vicente Calderon for the first leg on Tuesday.
Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the clash.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by taking their children along to Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21, after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday.
His parents have owned a five-bedroom vacation home in the area since 1999.
They have paid tribute to the'sensitive, caring young man'
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court.
He was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it.
The father-of-two splashed out almost £1million to complete the six-bedroomed eco house in Cwm Dyserth, near St Asaph, North Wales.
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk.
The nine-year-old was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol.
She was bundled into Huminsk's car and driven to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her.
On Saturday more than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais to form a quarter of a mile long 'White March' to pay tribute to Chloe.
Kadeem Brown, 25, was thrown across a median in the Bronx, New York.
He slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop.
His green taxi struck and killed little Tierre Clark, five, who was waiting at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab.
Police say Emilo Garcia, 44, suffered a seizure moments before the crash.
Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been charged.
Synesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the Fisher-Price set can exceed 15 per cent.
Some people are born with synaesthesia, while others experience it after a stroke or while using psychedelic drugs such as LSD.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's semi-final win over Celtic.
The defender also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
It found that only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers.
In some countries like Bangladesh, where the minimum wage is as little as US$68 a month and a living wage is US$104, the difference can be made by paying each worker
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa.
Gerrard has been missing all month after serving a three-match ban.
The 34-year-old will end his long association with the club at the end of this season.
Authorities in Florida have released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men.
The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach that was witnessed by hundreds of people who failed to intervene.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a woman.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23,
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the A47.
Her first son Reuben, two, was delivered by his father Peter in the same way.
Edward followed in the footsteps of his brother Reuben as they rushed to hospital.
Mrs Maddox said: 'I can't believe it's happened twice!'
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons.
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Jose Mourinho believes the Ballon d'Or should be scrapped.
The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award.
Arsenal face Reading in the semi-finals of the FA Cup on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for the Gunners.
Frank McLintock says Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission.
Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history.
MMA would have to become legalized in New York for that bout to happen.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog.
He was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning blind eye' to drug dealing.
Today he admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at Isleworth Crown Court.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
But he was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
The architect had spent nearly a year on police bail before being charged.
Study uncovered link between belief in God and societal characteristics.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
UK is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015.
It is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC.
Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade.
Volunteers will live, work and sleep on Silurian research ship for up to 12 days.
They will receive training and work with scientists to conduct visual surveys, acoustic monitoring using specialist equipment, and cet
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, in Smethwick, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows her being attacked by her co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20.
Kurti was jailed for a minimum of 12 years and will be on licence for life.
Majid was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery.
Hundreds of 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for first ever PrepperCon.
They learned new ways to store food, tried out solar powered flashlights and dressed up as zombies.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped scales at 20st 4lb.
She wore dress size 26 and was mortified when told she was too large.
Mother-of-two joined Weight Watchers and changed diet and exercise regime.
Now weighs 10st and wears a size 10 and has raised more than £500 for charity.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The couple now have a two-bedroom, wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand.
Jasper and Jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria.
Both dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
The bride and groom are lucky enough to have renowned event designer
Sergio Canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant.
He says he will carry out the procedure in China if Europe and Russia say no.
But critics say his plans are a fantasy and he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across Cardiff.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling'
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
Some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker.
The couple were too drunk to remember what they had done at Stansted Airport.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
Both pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
Ella Henderson has been announced as the face of Batiste's 2015 campaign.
The 19-year-old singer is the official face of the dry shampoo brand.
This will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the brand.
Girl was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex.
She suffered single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident.
Police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog after attack.
Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the attack occurred.
Two children, 13 and 9 years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders.
Five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel.
Road rage claimed another life. No one in the crowd came forward.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph, a court heard today.
Prosecutors allege Walters deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash.
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim couple who were being abused on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
The 23-year-old's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
Social media fraudsters are trying to cash in on the sudden public profile of the woman.
Ms Eden was angered by the fake fundraising page, which said: 'A lot of people have written to me on social media wanting to donate money to me'
Ben Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
The former West Coast Eagles captain was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
Cousins was due to appear in court on Wednesday morning but failed to show up.
His lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments.
On Thursday Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station.
There are reports he is likely to face court later on Thursday.
Protein World advert has been put up in a number of London Underground stations.
It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
But the campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users.
Some of the posters have been defaced, with some even being defaced.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th Premier League appearance.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in 2012.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, made perilous journey across Mediterranean to escape beheading from ISIS.
They arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Only yesterday, Ethiopian officials revealed that 30 Christians filmed being beheaded and shot by Islamic State militants in Libya were likely to have been desperate migrants.
CCTV footage of the violent altercation between Barry Lyttle and his brother, Patrick, has been released for the first time.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court on Thursday.
Mr Lyttle could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest.
It will allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption.
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Professor George Lewith says it is produced safely and at optimum dose.
Jordan Spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at 14-under 130.
It is the lowest two-round score at Augusta and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship.
Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes, matching the largest halfway lead in Masters history.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted.
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure.
The Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Marco Fassone fears City's asking price and Toure's wages could be too much.
Inter also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned as International Cricket Council president.
The Bangladeshi politician resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India in Melbourne last month.
Kamara's remarks were described at the time as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
It eventually became home to more than 7,500 people, but has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray.
Demolition work recently began on the building but preservationists are still working to save the French Renaissance-style building.
They want to reclaim it and use it as a museum and housing.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
She said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons.
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack.
He said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce and the death of his mother Shirley.
The presenter said he woke every morning worrying about every single line.
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans.
The study's leader Alva Ferdinand said that while it could not be proven that the lowered rate of hospitalization due to car accidents was caused by texting bans, the restrictions are still linked to a decline in crashes.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting bans for all drivers.
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20.
James Ward-Prowse put the home side in front with a penalty 10 minutes later.
Sone Aluko held the ball up on the edge of the box and laid off Jake Livermore.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
She failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship.
Doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying.
Archbishop of Canterbury called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance.
He said the dead were'martyrs' who would defeat evil despite their deaths.
His praise of martyrdom was made as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
The photographer and dancer said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be.
In Choreographing My Past, she explores her place in the family structure and also the tensions of returning to her childhood home as an adult.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal quarter-final.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage from after the game shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch.
He had to be restrained by pitchside staff who were believed to have stopped his friends from walking between the stadium's West and East stands.
The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Lib Dem leader says Nigel Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal his views.
Comes after Cameron appealed to UKIP supporters to 'come home'
Mr Clegg says Farage's remarks about immigrants and ethnic minorities reveal 'truly odious nature of his views'
He says Farage is 'lurching from one odious gaffe or assertion to the next'
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves ahead of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto.
The World Cup winner praised Pep Guardiola's meticulous approach.
Lahm is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance.
Diane Priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which North East Ambulance Service still failed to meet.
Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and married again in 2013.
But his first wife Michelle discovered his secret second marriage on Facebook.
She uncovered the deception when she saw footage of him completing ice bucket challenge.
He had been put in witness protection and had to live in a'safe house'
But Michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies.
The bigamist has been jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
Group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their'sins'
They then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
The filmer later revealed that the injury required a total of seven stitches.
The incident took place near the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre.
The platform can be heard striking the windows of the building repeatedly.
At least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact.
Shane Ferguson has been out injured since joining Rangers.
The on-loan Newcastle United winger is back training.
Stuart McCall says Ferguson is 'desperate' to get involved.
Rangers face Livingston at the Energy Assets Arena on Wednesday.
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, was traveling home after visiting a sister in California when she was removed from the Frontier Airlines flight.
She was seated next to two Indian-American men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom.
Hebshi was held for hours before being released.
Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
The 57-year-old woman's SUV was pushed nearly a quarter-mile.
Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham said there were no injuries among the 51 passengers and crew.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud.
The players and officials also wore black armbands to show their respect.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged people to continue with their Anzac Day plans.
Five teenagers were arrested in pre-dawn raids in Melbourne's south-east.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act.
Mr Abbott has praised the professionalism of police conducting the early morning raids in metropolitan Melbourne.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana.
The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win.
Durst, 72, faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case.
He was arrested in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx.
John Shipton's unique two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home in July 2014.
Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison.
Degrafreed was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half that sentence.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe.
The 13-year-old was abducted and murdered in 2003 on Queensland's Sunshine Coast.
Cowell's lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal.
Chief Justice Carmody denied he had any sort of relationship with Ms Johnson, and said the meeting was standard practice.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
But Kenny Dalglish says he should not go to the Under-21s.
Kane showed against Italy that he can cope with playing against some of the world's best defenders.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account.
She reportedly underwent the procedures to win back an ex boyfriend.
Some people have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson took the opportunity to cool down in the Florida heat.
The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
Police believe they are on the verge of solving the brutal cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight.
The fight took place in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
The illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of Top Gear.
But the corporation and presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
Show will not feature any Top Gear branding, show footage or feature The Stig.
Clarkson is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage.
Real Madrid could play in a grey and yellow away kit next year.
The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
FIFA Club World Cup badge will be introduced in the centre of the kit.
Boy, 13, gave out $100 notes at Claggett Middle School in Medina, Ohio.
He then went to a friend's house after school, where he also gave adults cash.
The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree.
Police have recovered some $7,000 of the man's savings.
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Former Manchester United midfielder Scholes says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Swansea City host Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City at 3pm.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Pep Guardiola's side face Aston Villa and Queens Park Rangers in the next six matches.
The long-term plan is plain: Guardiola will leave in 2016.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank, with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez's mother.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' at Ciutat Esportiva training ground.
Incredibly, the ball sinks directly into a basketball hoop at the other side of the training pitch.
Luis Enrique's side moved another step closer to reclaiming the La Liga title with a 4-0 hammering of Almeria on Wednesday evening.
Second-placed Real Madrid played later in the evening to move back within four points of their great rivals with a 2-0 defeat of Rayo Vallecano.
Cressida Bonas, 26, has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
The actress and dancer, from Clerkenwell, London, models spring/summer 2015 range.
Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida shows off her moves as she pulls some poses.
She dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner.
He said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
When authorities arrived at the mill in Qing Cheng District on Wednesday, they found large quantities of fake cotton goods.
Almost half of people who have visited 99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are middle class, research has found.
Of those 53 per cent are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year.
News comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl, dubbed the 'Lidl class'
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Ukip source revealed party had initially planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month.
The 25-year-old made his move to Southampton from Chelsea permanent in January after impressing on loan from Chelsea.
Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
He is the Championship's Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan from Chelsea and the question is whether he could be Stamford Bridge's answer to Harry Kane next season.
Prince Harry will spend four weeks with the Australian Defence Force.
Captain Wales will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base.
Harry will also spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters while with the Sydney regiment.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani and co-defendant.
He then shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in revenge 'against those that ruined me'
A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, died of a heart attack.
Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack.
Home video of Jesse O'Brien taking his morning pills has gone viral.
The six-year-old has to take 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis.
Video was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage him.
He is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills.
'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness.
It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption.
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation.
There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK alone.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
She ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day.
Yulia moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009 to set up a healthy life-coaching business.
In June 2013, she fell pregnant, and in April the following year, the proud parents welcomed little Elanie into the world.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored the crucial try in extra-time.
Leinster centre Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
It was an all-French repeat of the 2013 Heineken Cup Final in Dublin.
Darlene Feliciano, 27, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway in Oahu, Hawaii, Friday afternoon.
Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
About 40 minutes later, first responders discovered Feliciao unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka.
The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Maria Sharapova was joined by players including Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg has claimed Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
The German came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose.
Hamilton has remained unruffled by Rosberg's comments.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under Tories.
That compares to just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9per cent under Coalition.
Figures are a boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of election.
Experts have warned that a hung parliament could send financial markets into tailspin.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge.
A body was recovered on Wednesday and the medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital so she could be provided with long term care.
Bobby recently claimed at his concert last Saturday that his daughter - pictured together in an Instagram from Bobbi in June of last year - was 'awake'
Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to ever fully recover.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country, such as London and South East England, but there are more than 20,000 individual locations that
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday.
The only other big fish to announce his candidacy so far is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, an evangelical Christian whose views couldn't be much more different from Paul's.
Paul will launch his campaign Tuesday morning in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream'
An aide to a member of the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives laughed that line off on Monday.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods.
The 33-year-old was released after being interviewed by police.
Dossena scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
He signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He was charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
His lawyer Leila Ahsan has detailed the four serious offences she faces.
She said there was 'no justifiable proof' to continue his detention.
But she criticised Iranian media for publishing allegations that are 'wrong'
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt’s home.
But instead of tracking down the owner, officers asked for a black bin bag.
Witness then described seeing them ‘scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car’
Mr Hunt spent two days putting up ‘lost cat’ posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager.
Incredibly when he contacted police, officers coldly told him Harry had been ‘disposed of’
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
It was City's sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions.
Pablo Zabaleta admits City are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Alex Perry has pulled out of presenting at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event.
Perry is taking a break from the runway to focus on international ventures.
He has just filmed Asia's Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia.
SNP leader said she would not call for another plebiscite in manifesto.
She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she could influence policies of Labour government and keep it 'honest'
But she said: 'I'm offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister. I don't want to see the Tories in Downing Street'
The result of the election this May is set to put her in powerful position at Westminster.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in Swansea.
He was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation.
It comes after Westbrook, 41, accused her younger former boyfriend of violence.
She was seen last month with a black-eye and has not been charged.
Richards, who is an MMA fighter, has vehemently denied the allegations.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office.
Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000.
AIS prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body.
Pagonis said she always felt different with constant hospital visits but didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class.
The brunette immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed.
Coleen Rooney and Nadine Coyle have joined forces with Cancer Research.
The pair are hoping the shots will encourage women to join the drive.
Race for Life raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer.
Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce set off in 1961.
They explored the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon basin.
One of them became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe.
The second, Kit Lambert, went on to manage The Who.
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.
The ECB chairman embarrassed VIP guests with his astonishing behaviour.
Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton.
He was further annoyed that Lawrence Booth’s Wisden editor notes had been scathing of the way the ECB had botched the axing of Kevin Pietersen.
Paul McGowan was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman.
The Dundee midfielder will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest.
McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down as he went to work in Guatemala City.
Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver.
A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill him.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested for the attack on Friday after a police chase.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans.
The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini'
The Only Way is Essex star Joey Essex was attending the event ahead of interviewing all the party leaders for a TV special.
Ed Miliband said a Labour government would 'get Britain building again'
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg slammed her'shocking' suggestion.
Sons of fathers with criminal record for sex offending four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
A collection of 25 letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
The letters, 25 of which are headed to auction at Doyle New York on April 15, were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Smiling and enjoying the fresh air, he seemed to be in better spirits.
Tyler Walker scored his first goal of his senior career at Brentford.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
He has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
She will be part of the Russian team facing Germany in Sochi.
Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed.
Plane was en route to Samana Peninsula off north coast with six passengers.
Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two from Britain.
Pilot of Piper PA-32 was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing.
The plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband.
He explained away his long absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud.
It was not until pictures of him doing ice bucket challenge with new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged.
Now, Michelle has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life.
President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow.
Czech prime minister together with Czech lawmakers are siding with the American.
Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said President Zeman demonstrated a lack of 'diplomatic thinking'
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for Barcelona.
The Uruguayan has scored six from six in the Champions League.
Suarez's relationship with Lionel Messi and Neymar has blossomed.
Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate new deal with Europe.
Unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support.
They would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving.
For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts until they have been in UK for four years.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work.
She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Scientists at Newcastle University found that girls really do mature faster than boys.
Robert O'Neill, who killed Osama bin Laden, will host a'machine gun fun' contest.
He will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
O'Neill claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the lounge area of the Admiral Rodney in Nottingham.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever.
He received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
Lidos are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration.
Picking the right one - that isn't too over-crowded or too run down - is crucial.
In response to extra demand, many pools are extending their opening hours in line with the weather.
Mario Balotelli is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says he needs to re-discover himself.
Liverpool have been willing to sell the Italian striker since January.
The 24-year-old has only scored once in the Premier League since his switch to Liverpool last summer.
Joanna Flynn, 50, charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off patient's life support without permission.
Former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, Canada, also charged with criminal negligence causing death.
Husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39, said she was the alleged victim.
The mother of two died at the hospital on March 2, 2014, leaving the couple's two young sons aged 15 and 18.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Almost half a year later, the mystery was solved when she saw a post on a Facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are without Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale.
Atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times in their bid for revenge for last season's Champions League final.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province.
Two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last October.
Images of the new balcony fence appeared on Weibo last week.
Many suspect they were linked to the school's aggressive teaching style.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.
City have lost six of their last eight Premier League games.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending.
Device uses powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads bind to any cancerous cell in the sample, changing the way light passes through it.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests meaning an 8MP camera is enough.
They say the system - known as digital diffraction diagnosis or D3 - can be adapted to screen for other types
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret
Sunderland are 15th and Leicester are 20th in the Premier League.
The battle for survival heats up with five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six.
Aston Villa are 16th on 29 points after drawing 3-3 with QPR.
QPR are 18th on 26 points and face Leicester on the final day.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at top of Serie A.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval.
Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
The girl was attacked in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia.
She was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
The circus is believed to have left the village abruptly after the attack.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012.
Monkees fans will also be able to bid for various pieces of musical equipment.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples.
She underwent surgery and radiation treatment in December.
But a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body.
Ms Fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online.
Bloggers have questioned that assertion, demanding medical evidence for her claims and questioning her understanding of her radiation treatment.
Marla McCants, 43, was kidnapped and held hostage by her ex-boyfriend when she was in her early 20s.
Her weight spiraled out of control and she was unable to get out of bed.
She refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her.
After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, she finally stood up for the first time in years.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate.
He attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in UK.
Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’ and Nick Clegg said they are ‘politics of the lowest form’
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had ‘overwhelming support’ of British public.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Franz Beckenbauer criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
The German legend was speaking in New York to mark the club's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister hails work of the Church and condemns persecution of Christians.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter.
Archbishop of Canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms.
Mr Cameron said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays'
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO'
The doll is a doll which first appeared in the 80s, dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase.
Google generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words.
Anna and Indi, owned by Zane Jones, have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old.
They use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
Zane said: 'Both girls are naturals when it comes to balance and knowing where to stand on the board'
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
The Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex.
They flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water.
Stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet.
The group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out.
Nikola Karabatic is accused of match fixing along with 15 others.
Karabatic and his brother Luka were banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club lost to a struggling team.
The trial will likely take place within months.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-6 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin.
He shot Rekia Boyd, 22, in the back of the head in March 2012.
Boyd's brother screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Servin has maintained he fired only because he felt threatened.
Porter also cleared Servin of reckless discharge of a firearm and reckless conduct.
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington.
Hinckley currently splits his time between the hospital and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia.
He shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look.
Darren and Dea have returned for The Block Triple Threat and face off against Charlotte and Josh, Tim and Anastasia, and Ayden and Jess.
Twiggy, 65, shows off her age-defying looks in new M&S campaign.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on catwalks this season.
New designs include a chic denim jacket, floral and feminine print dress.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
But he insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right.
Last week he said if someone he 'cared' for was involved in a gay marriage he would 'of course attend'
The Miami politician announced he is running for president last week.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid it in a suitcase.
Paramedics were called after she was found sitting in the bath with 'a lot of blood'
Earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat.
Jon Czerniecki serendipitously captured the encounter after setting up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria.
The nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
Wild dogs such as dingos are known to only attack kangaroos out of necessity, but the domestic origin of the dogs challenges this stereotype.
Spanish expert Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos has found LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness.
Modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
The average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket.
SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact.
United Launch Alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named 'Vulcan' in 2019.
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million)
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
The technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
This lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iPhone
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his debut at the Masters.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Neil was playing with fellow countryman and former Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago.
But he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend, Los Angeles Kings player Jarret Stoll, was busted in Las Vegas last week.
Stoll was accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA, or'molly', into the MGM Grand hotel.
He tweeted Andrews: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'
Unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by would-be rapist.
She let him into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
The attacker tried to grab her - but she used her self-defence skills.
CCTV images show how she pinned him to the floor and put her hands around his throat.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake escort website profile on Facebook.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
They found that teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought are white.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory.
Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory 70 years after leaving her position.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Christopher Bailey celebrated the launch of his new Beverley Hills store.
Over 700 guests turned out to support Bailey at the event in Los Angeles.
The event also marks the opening of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive.
First explosion at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province.
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months.
The plant produces paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for fibers and plastics.
There have been several protests against the chemical plants in China.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, according to reports.
Now, she has shared a picture of her enjoying a takeaway dinner with another teenage 'jihadi bride'
It shows a huge Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke.
The 25-year-old striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'better squat than let homes rot'
Banners bearing housing messages were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building.
One of the banners read, 'Respect existence or expect resistance' and another, 'better to squat than letting homes rot.'
It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent.
The League Two side suffered a fourth consecutive defeat on Saturday.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after the 3-0 loss by Oxford.
Sam, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet.
He is now barely recognisable and has been named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star.
The singer has modelled looks including Topman skinny jeans, a custom Burberry shirt and a well-cut Emporio Armani cashmere jacket.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July.
It is one of three games Jose Mourinho's side will feature in across the pond.
Chelsea are 10 points ahead of Arsenal with just four games to play.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
During his testimony
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
The midfielder could've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle.
Newcastle manager John Carver labelled Sissolo's tackle as 'indefensible'
Carver did not complain about the decision, but he was angry that Ayoze Perez did not earn a penalty after apparently being felled by Dejan Lovren.
Scott Kelley, now 50, and Mary Nunes, now 19, fled New Hampshire in 2004.
They fled after Mark Nunes, Mary's biological father, was granted custody.
Genevieve Kelley, then 50, refused to hand her daughter over to Mr Nunes.
She took the girl to Colorado, then boarded a flight to South America.
The pair were arrested at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Monday.
Kelley is now facing a charge of custodial interference, the same charge his wife will face in court next month.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for help in the event of an alien invasion.
The former US President asked for his support at a peace summit in Geneva in 1985.
Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove mention of aliens.
Warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Study found sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years.
The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York.
Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies, doing work in offices and gazing out windows into the distance.
David Serbeck, 42, was found guilty of having sex with a 17-year-old girl in 2007 and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
He was shot and paralyzed in 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
The girl testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007.
Manny Pacquiao trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles.
The Filipino-fighter is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr on May 2.
It is now less than a month before the mega-fight in Las Vegas.
Stephanie Scott's family have offered their condolences ahead of her funeral.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday.
The mother of Ms Scott's accused killed is traumatised by the event, according to Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom.
President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero says the experience of scoring in a Manchester derby is unparalleled.
The Argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with United.
Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted strikers in world football.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the best player.
The 23-year-old has been behind Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Ferguson insists there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti is one of the best coaches he's ever seen.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday.
Mark Hughes is keen to keep Bosnian goalkeeper Asmir Begovic at the club.
Begovic's current deal runs out next year with Real Madrid.
Stoke are ninth in the Premier League table.
Robert Tesche opened the scoring for Birmingham City in the first half.
Clayton Donaldson pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Rob Kiernan's clumsy handling of Derbyshire saw the former City forward go down in the box.
Referee Dean Whitestone waved away appeals for a spot-kick.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling in Bali on Tuesday.
The 34-year-old decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner.
She met with the owners in Noosa on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching.
Ms Walsh was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners after their granddaughter, Jade, found the social media campaign on Facebook.
Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its' mystery owner.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
She allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to her son's death.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland.
Hackney denies one offence of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains and two counts of signing false certificates.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered his third concussion in four months against Wasps.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Nathan Hughes.
Andrés Iniesta has listed his 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard on Airbnb.
The Spanish midfielder has listed the property for €125 (£90) a night.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom, with other facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18.
Frampton and his people will decide if they really want it.
If they do, cash the cheque and come to the Manchester Arena.
It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station.
They were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport in 2005.
Inquest returned verdicts of accidental death but safety reports were not disclosed.
Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1m.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
'Thank you all for being my family,' Davion said during the adoption proceedings.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year.
It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states in late May or June.
The father-of-two claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people 'use affairs to preserve their marriage'
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
Mr Crawford said he’s been influenced by Gothic Revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together.
His three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume, which can be viewed in its entirely online.
No-one is suggesting that the image of Yoda influenced the popular films in any way, but according to Star Wars folklore, Yoda is 900 years old – in the films shot in the late 1970
Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer.
Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking.
Professor Julie Robert said it was 'problematic' that the Prime Minister thought it acceptable to'showcase his masculinity'
She said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue Aussie bloke'
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson and his wife Lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided.
Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
She had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990.
Mary was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in January 2013.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Her drug-user parents were reported to social services five times.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found.
A review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from rare form of stomach cancer.
She is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
Third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs £1,000 a week to provide.
Mother-of-two has called on NHS England to reverse their decision.
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on Tuesday.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in the pecking order.
The 32-year-old has won three league titles, four FA Cups and the Champions League at Chelsea since joining in 2004.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
Signatories warned about 'proliferation of zero-hours contracts'
They said they were 'all working people' and showed 'we need a Labour Government'
But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, told the Associated Press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea.
United have the financial scope to fund a massive squad, while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books.
Mourinho says it is 'hard but more fun' being Chelsea manager.
Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the clash at Stamford Bridge.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall.
Mr Maxwell plans to retire and play bowls, while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 to end a five-match losing run.
Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
Rangers are just a point behind 17th-placed Sunderland.
David Cameron is said to have watched The Great British Bake Off in the past.
UKIP pendents and party leader underwear are also on sale.
Political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has become a celebrity on Instagram.
The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia.
Her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions.
She moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer in 30 seconds.
The undefeated champion claims McGregor is just trying to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight.
McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on Kevin Pietersen return.
Former England captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
He is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But the five-year-old defied the odds to take his first steps last year.
Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby in 2011.
Muliaina is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff.
He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers.
The Barcelona midfielder has been an integral part of Luis Enrique's team.
Rakitic played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons'
Gao, who left her position in February 2014, began working as a contract interpreter in the Office of Language Services in June 2010.
The US attorney's office declined to prosecute, and the FBI has not revealed what they found in a suburban Washington storage facility they searched after filing the affidavit.
Manchester United beat Chelsea 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game for Louis van Gaal's side.
Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance.
Mata was named player of the year two years running.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test in Saint George's.
Durham all-rounder injured himself, then struck immediately when he came on to bowl and became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels.
Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
England were helped by a couple of Caribbean rushes of blood, but Devon Smith was given out for one can justifiably feel very hard done by.
Dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy.
The latest research involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip.
Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Tim Sherwood's side.
Sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell rates the players' performances.
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2.
Roberto Vitiello's side are 11th in the Serie A table.
Udinese are one point adrift of Palermo in 11th place.
Khairree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified investigation.
Search has full consent of present landlord who is not connected with investigation.
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts.
McIndoe, who was known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella, where he partied with glamorous girls, is now being chased through the courts by creditors.
He said he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
The Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport.
The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people.
The co-pilot had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict.
Germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
The left back has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag.
Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for Manchester United.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship.
Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals to put his side in control.
It is a 22nd league championship for PSV, who are second only to Ajax.
Bottom side Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
One of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray.
A 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage at a Canberra school.
The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space'
The principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned.
ACT Education MInister Joy Burch said it is a horrifying situation.
Inhabitants are hidden away from the rest of the world, with spectacular views of the Palaia Monemvasia bay.
The isolated cliff face village of Phuktal or Phugtal Monastery is one of the most isolated monasteries in northern India.
On 64 people reside on Greenland's Isortoq village, which is set in the middle of miles of snow and ice.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight.
Hatton lost to Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton's brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
Batarfi is among AQAP's top regional commanders, known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water.
Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney.
The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward.
He has represented Spain at every level since under-16s.
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years.
With miles of sea to play in, you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June.
An emotional Klopp said he would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end.
Map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013.
The highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela.
Map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight.
The Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident.
Two women were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards.
Ryanair has confirmed there were three off duty workers on board the flight.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-half seasons at Liverpool.
The striker has struggled for form since leaving the club in 2011.
Torres has scored four times since returning to Atletico on loan.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago.
She says that she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak.
Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
Charlotte Blakeway, 17, was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The A-level student had been studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer.
She said: 'She had her whole life in front of her, she was a bright, beautiful girl'
Police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour.
It is only a short journey from the Bergerac wine producing region.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority.
BBC accused of 'leftist hostility' and branded interview 'appalling'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home.
Mr King is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Clermont's 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction.
'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said.
The interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's killing.
Nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season.
Peterson was placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
His main bone of contention is said to be with chief operating officer Kevin Warren.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday.
The City winger came on as a substitute against Crystal Palace.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
City could use Nasri and Edin Dzeko as bait in deal to sign Paul Pogba.
Study by Lancashire's Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found direct link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
Principal Michael Ribton says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on the fridge and engage with them during the exam period.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford.
The clip looks to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart.
A handful of fans of Manuel Pellegrini's side were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression for his side.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Her remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney, and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed an autopsy will be carried out this week.
Detectives will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year
The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood.
He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family.
Christian Englander, 30, has thrown a banana peel at a black man for the second time in one week.
He was arrested on Monday for hurling one at Dave Chappelle.
On Thursday, he struck again at a Santa Fe bar.
Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Oskar Groening is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews.
He was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.
Groening, 93, was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
Now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles to bear witness.
They are co-plaintiffs against Groening in what may be the last Nazi trial of its kind in Germany.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees.
He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks.
A jail staff member told the New York Daily
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
The men were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State.
It's claimed they were on their way to join terror groups such as ISIS.
A new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement was struck on Wednesday between Australia and Turkey.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
He was watching the toddler at their home when he became enraged that the boy urinated on him during a diaper change.
Alvarado allegedly confessed to the assault on videotape.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
It took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
From today, Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China.
Peter Gardner and Kalynda Davis were apprehended in Guangzhou in 2014.
The exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing, obtained under freedom of information laws.
Another citizen, Ibrahim Jalloh and his friend Bengali Sherrif were arrested at Guangzhou Airport in July over alleged drug crimes.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is represented by his father, former England international Mark.
Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management.
Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne.
Liverpool club secretary Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons following 20 years at Wigan.
Jack Andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland.
He was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay.
A close family friend, Uncle Ted, died of pancreatic cancer aged 13.
Deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
Capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account that boasts over 1,000 Twitter followers and you have yourself one popular rodent.
The large rodent sits perfectly still in the bath while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
Australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year.
Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale
A mysterious app called None* gives users only one clue to get started.
There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users guess the answers.
The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text.
It can be completed and has 50 levels, according to people bragging on the App Store that they have completed the None* app.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She was going to spend the money on a grave stone but was shocked to discover it had been stolen.
Jamie, a convicted burglar, was found to be lying after taking a lie detector test.
He confessed to taking the money but blamed it on girlfriend Carol.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s'
But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Conservatives or Labour.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will join up with Kurdish fighters and ex-servicemen.
He will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights.
Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists.
'I will be saving a bullet or keeping a grenade strapped to my chest,' he said.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, Vermont, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act.
Their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy, suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms using Botox off-label.
The cause of death was not entirely conclusive and was ruled as atypical pneumonia, a common complication associated with Botox overdoses.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen around their Melwood base.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players and did not want a screen put up.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But now the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein.
Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein to be'struck from the record'
The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations, but issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
At least three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities, according to reports.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
Ahmed was indicted for lying to the FBI during a terrorism investigation, conspiring to provide material support to the ISIS and attempting to provide support in February.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
Lamble says our social media culture is fuelling unhealthy expectations for young girls but also a way of accessing information that could be misleading.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under this year.
A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969.
This figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
Footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Klopp would be the perfect fit for Bayern.
Bayern legend believes only a fully fit squad can beat Barcelona.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007, and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to start at $3.5 million.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp.
The Borussia Dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave the German club in the summer.
Morgan has long been a critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano, who described it as 'next-level mean' in an opinion piece fornews.com.au.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
She flew from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
Controversially, he has turned for advice to Cage, hardline human rights group.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online.
Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
The multi-host show was created by Walters in 1997 with an original panel of women including Meredith Vieira, Star Jones, Joy Behar and Debbie Matenopoulos.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued.
Cousins has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn'
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
The Georgian was found using his phone in the middle of a match.
Tournament organisers found Nigalze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle.
They announced their decision to expel Nigalidza on Sunday morning.
He could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates.
England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill at Lord's.
The decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York.
He was allegedly using the registration number of a female nurse who had handed it back a few years ago.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs.
Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with the city.
Brian Kidd is more Mancunian than Happy Mondays dancer Bez.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead in New Haven, Connecticut, on Sunday.
He was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials informed him he could no longer pitch for his team.
Scott was banned from the league in 2009 because he threw 40mph.
The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season.
When Scott's manager sent him out to pitch after the ban was issued, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured.
Prime Minister will pledge to offer public £4 billion of Lloyds shares if he is returned to Downing Street.
Share price currently above 78p, comfortably above the 73.6p paid by Brown's government.
Shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time, with proceeds used to help pay down the national debt.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday.
She collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
Ms Gemmill was the fifth cyclist killed on London's road this year.
Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch.
Housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
His company, Pink Tati LLC, was
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million.
He wants to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.
New apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements as well as nine storeys above the ground.
Star Wars director wants to build affordable housing complex on his estate.
The complex would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex in 2012.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested on Friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
She allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt.
The scent of Perry was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in.
After the incident, Perry hid herself from officers in a shallow hole and was found by a police dog who tracked her scent through the field.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades on one of LA's freeways.
Nicolas, 23, will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship in June.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri, South Wales, fell down stairs.
She had to sit down to take her vows and was told she had broken leg.
Family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Kurt Cobain, John Lennon, Freddie Mercury and Eddie Van Halen all shine through.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of car.
He was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
Coroner previously ruled that the condition of the road was 'the cause of the incident'
Whistling was once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace.
However the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now.
A YouGov poll confirmed that 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Bromwich Albion.
Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
He is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead for Force India.
Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the team starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace.
The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model, which is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to become Brazil manager.
The 42-year-old won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil.
Carlos has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Officials with Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option as once they develop a taste for trash they are likely to return even if moved.
Akael Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
Her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile.
Their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday.
The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident.
Mr Manyang defended the children's mother earlier on Thursday saying he didn't believe she caused the crash deliberately and said
Airline could be fined £20,000 for every time A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
Qantas' on time performance rating at Heathrow dropped to 75th out of 80 in the month of February.
Listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
They even found that different wines match different pizza toppings.
Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
For Scotch eggs, a Fiano complimented the flavours well and for salt and vinegar crisps, a Shiraz Rose was found to be the best match.
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast.
Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.
Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for Ospreys and Wales.
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and April 7.
A $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on Easter Sunday.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine aggressiveness.
After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have high or low risk of disease returning.
For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
Jimmy Anderson is on the brink of becoming England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week.
Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while.
England need him in Test cricket as long as possible.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players, with centre-back pairing John Terry and Gary Cahill joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard is favourite for the main individual award after a superb season in which he has notched 18 goals for the Stamford Bridge outfit.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side.
The England midfielder came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed.
He was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby, recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively.
Wilshere has been out of action since suffering the injury in the 2-1 home defeat by Manchester United.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California.
She is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38.
Salford assistant coach has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
Watson made 41 Super League appearances as a half-back with Salford in 1997 and 2002.
Tiger Woods' club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole.
The 39-year-old was forced to drop his club on the follow through.
Woods managed to finish the competition at 5-under-par on 283.
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters in 39 years on Sunday.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
She was killed and eight others, including five children, were injured in crash.
Witnesses said she was knocked down before careering head-on into bus.
BMW M3 sportscar then span sideways and pinned Miss Shamim against a wall.
Driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Rebecca Adlington, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child.
The Olympic gold medal winning athlete says pregnancy was hard to deal with.
She lost 21lbs after appearing on I'm A Celebrity! Get Me Out Of Here.
Rebecca says she's now 'craving stodge' and can't wait for her pregnancy to finish.
Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto diverted to Shannon Airport.
Pensioner, 87, allegedly restrained by cabin crew until unplanned landing.
Woman has since been released without charge and will undergo 'fit-to-fly' screening.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for the Betfred World Championship.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener.
Davis won six world titles in the 1980s and rolled back the years.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, wrote on her blog that she took some time off work to spend with her children.
She said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering.
Miss Simmonds is married to Phillip Davies, owner of online auction business Flogit4u, and the couple have a daughter aged two and sons aged four and six.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
The incident took place in the hours after the Hawthorn Hawks' narrow eight-point loss.
It's not known whether the man in the video was a Power supporter.
Clarkson was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a flight and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire Justin Schmitt’s performance which involved a defeat to Geelong.
Nina Anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom.
Great-grandmother spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a branch.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played on ITV.
Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, has now been jailed for three years.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Aircraft dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur.
It was then tracked by Malaysia’s military radar heading towards the Indian Ocean.
Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was found guilty on Wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting.
The 25-year-old looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
Hernandez’s mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict. He later mouthed to them: 'Be strong. Be strong'
For reasons that were never made clear to the jury, Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds.
60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless'
One in five workers admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
Donna Oettinger, 41, and son Zaki, 3, died on train tracks in south London.
She had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before tragedy.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father had a second family.
Also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage and her anxiety worsened.
After visiting a psychiatrist in November Zaki was referred to social services, although the case was not reviewed.
Coroner has today ruled that doctors and social services made five'significant' failures.
Mario Ambarita, 21, climbed into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
The plane took off from Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing.
His family said he had dreamed of visiting Jakarta since a child.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11.
Michael Vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of England's top order.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur.
Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years.
She hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
Security services are now investigating his influence on the London Boys.
He lives in the same street where Mohammed Emwazi hung out with fellow jihadists.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012.
He has signed 22 players during his tenure, but only seven of those can be considered a success.
Party will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can’t see you now’
New figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say figures are a timely reminder of the ‘NHS crisis’
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins.
Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12.
First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating MsDirksz at the time.
He is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage.
The 29-year-old was stood down immediately and charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between March 11 and 17, 2015.
Mr Jamies
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton.
Rosberg complained during a press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton had acted'selfishly' in slowing down to such an extent that he could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari.
Hamilton finished second, a place ahead of Vettel.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans.
The Warriors built a 15-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife in September last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone.
She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
Nico Rosberg has been left in the shade by Lewis Hamilton.
Hamilton secured his 36th win of his career in Bahrain.
Pumpkin seed oil is thought to enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms.
It is rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth.
Studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title against Peter Quillin.
Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
The Irishman threw fewer punches than Lee in the first round.
Lee admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' after botched hysterectomy.
Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Labour has predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar.
But, in each case, the opposite has happened – and Miliband refused to admit he had got it wrong.
The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
Mr Miliband also refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament.
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance.
Fans can toggle the map to view their club's support worldwide, see the most popular clubs globally and compare their club with a rival.
In the UK supporters can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager.
The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012.
Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month.
Tories accuse Labour of a crude new attempt to 'weaponise' the NHS.
They accuse them of orchestrating letter from doctors claiming hospitals will not be safe.
Ed Miliband also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims groping is a daily occurrence at security checkpoints across U.S.
Says staff are 'bending the rules' so they can inappropriately touch passengers.
Comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver.
The staff canteen at Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has quirky light fittings and high tables.
Meals include organic sourdough, soft poached quail egg, confit of tomato and deep fried polenta.
Executive chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season for Manchester United.
The 34-year-old says he would like to try his hand at Formula One.
Carrick moved to London at 15, and says it forced him to grow up fast.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Indonesia and human rights groups are furious that Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Indonesia was not notified before her execution this morning.
Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The Wales international suffered a calf injury against Malaga.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck against Atletico.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez.
David Cameron's party on 36 per cent of the vote, according to ComRes poll.
Labour on 32 per cent, Ukip on 10 per cent and Lib Dems on 8 per cent.
Poll suggests that with less than a fortnight to go, there is all to play for.
One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back.
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station.
The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Celtic beat Inverness 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk gave Parkhead the lead before Josh Meekings was sent off.
Steven McLean was rightly sent off for fouling Marley Watkins.
Greg Tansey equalised from the spot for the Scottish champions.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Scientists around the country are trying to work out why populations of bees and other insects are plummeting.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking.
Saban and Grimes pledged the Phi Mu sorority at the University of Alabama in 2009.
Both Saban and Grimes pleaded guilty to an unspecified offense before the university's judicial board.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
Just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers, the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans.
Satine burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
The striker has scored six goals in eight games for the club.
Tim Sherwood has brought his fearless approach to blooding youth players with him to Villa Park.
Villa manager Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.
A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries after the event on March 28.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to carer Nermin Kancefer.
She moved in to his £615,000 flat in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey.
He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87, his family claim.
But mother-of-one insists he had a change of heart after falling out with family.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in west London on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored a penalty and Charlie Adam equalised.
John Terry hailed Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears.
When she draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear.
She uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, was identified, according the police report, and he turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from the border with Turkey.
She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the Syrian camp since her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre.
But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south, towards the city of Idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of Al Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate.
It means the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,
This year's Vivid Festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Vivid starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night.
Spanish lawyer Miriam Gonzalez Durantez says Tories want to kick her out.
She says she has been'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years.
But she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with.
Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin were spotted in Maumee, Ohio, at 1:13 p.m. local time on Monday.
The former first lady, secretary of state, New York senator's net worth fell somewhere between $5 million and $25 million in 2012.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager of the restaurant told Bloomberg.
But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford were killed in road accident in East Sussex.
Mr Owen, 21, had just received news of job offer and was preparing for daughter's fifth birthday.
His grieving family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll was caught crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong.
His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
The Irish rugby legend has been working as an ambassador for HSBC.
SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead.
She sparked outrage by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer.
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying Scots should be given another say.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow.
Shows off his new hairdo at a rally in support of Canada's Day of Pink, an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the LGBT community.
Luke said the response to his new hair color has been 'overwhelming'
Justin Rose finished second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings.
Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week.
Steve Stricker is making his way back to full fitness after back surgery.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways.
On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, Indiana.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
She went missing on the same weekend of celebrations for the Little 500.
The two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, central China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq.
But declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
The Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and family friends insist that the will is invalid.
They say that the builder is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court fight at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
Video footage shows the two apes throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss.
He then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
Mark Hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter.
The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size.
Duchess of Cambridge said baby is due'mid to late April' during visit last month.
But palace sources say it has never been officially confirmed as such.
The 25th is the favourite but Palace says neither date or any other has been confirmed.
Prince William has finished his Air Ambulance training earlier than expected.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points.
It was only the East Yorkshire side's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of Jason Denayer, but face an uphill struggle to do so.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry a minimum eight homegrown players.
Liverpool are interested in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile.
Immobile has struggled in Germany and could be on the move again.
Arsenal have also considered reviving interest in Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Tottenham sent a scout to watch Lille against Bordeaux last weekend.
Manchester City are considering the merits of QPR goalkeeper Alex McCarthy.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat.
The memo said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
The original note has haunted Labour since it was first published in 2010.
Stephen Hogger was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures.
The 55-year-old had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk.
He was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out.
It will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
Chimpanzees have learned to look both ways before crossing a busy road.
Researchers say the apes will often run across roads, while dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely.
It is the first time chimps have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in Boston on Saturday.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
The NCAA representative tasked with presenting the Friars with their trophy was apparently a little bit off his game as well.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce's side are currently in 10th place in the Premier League.
The Hammers are without Diafra Sakho and Enner Valencia.
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking 'any bit of spending' they do not agree with.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament to ‘try to build a majority’
SNP, forecast to hold balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
It brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by Arsenal duo Eduardo and Aaron Ramsey a few years ago.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt in Sheffield.
Six-time world champions Steve Davis and Kurt Maflin were also knocked out.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons: a TV set for popular TV shows such as Yo Gabba Gabba, a light bulb for educational programmes, a radio for pop songs and more.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
But he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
He is accused of using computer programs to create'spoof
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north.
The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America to promote his 'Dude Food' cook book.
He was joined by Gossip Girl glamazon Blake Lively.
Churchill said that Lively loved his 'Bro Burgers' and that she and Ryan Reynolds often get into the kitchen.
The Aussie surfer also revealed that he crushes more on Ryan Reynolds.
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in Puerto Banus.
Police believe she was forced into the vehicle.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday.
Agnese, whose British boyfriend, Michael Millis, is a former owner of west London club Westbourne Studios, vanished on September 6 last year.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to encourage surge.
They are driving a new generation of what the Church considers demonic 'possessions'
Vatican insists pope 'didn't intend to perform any exorcism'
In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to cast out demon from wheelchair-bound man.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year.
Cantona has defended his role in latest film, dubbed'soft porn'
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts.
The Toffees boss insists they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future.
Distin has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team.
Martinez says his club's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months.
Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal at the Emirates.
Jose Mourinho said John Terry was the best he had ever played.
Sportsmail's Martin Keown says Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career.
InXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
The couple's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches.
Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
In one image, the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit, with her arms thrown casually above her head.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
To date the toddler's Easter egg rolling fail has been watched more than 90,000 times.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug.
Public Health England figures show 634 pensioners over 65 treated for substance abuse last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
The 31-year-old kicked a last-minute penalty to secure victory.
Bosch joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille in the summer.
The Ghana international is keen to join the Anfield club.
Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to Ayew.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo all out injured.
Wayne Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield.
Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return to first-team action.
Luke Shaw set to take over from Blind at left back.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
While it is still fun to get on a plane, seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Be prepared to wade through hordes of tourists and avoid getting other cameras in your shot while visiting the Mona Lisa.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about their relationship on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle.
She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
By the end of the summer, she had fallen pregnant with the boy's child.
After her release, she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter.
Jordan Spieth shot a second-round 62 at the RBC Heritage in South Carolina.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round.
Defending champion Matt Kuchar is tied for second place with Merrick.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy.
Gosling sent photos of the bodies to the children's biological father as a 'birthday gift' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide.
Amir Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Reports in America suggested television network Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and Algieri.
Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter while Miguel Cotto was another name ruled out.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Fekir recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their insistence on pursuing a deal with City.
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket.
The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps to date.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the lawsuit.
He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
The couple will now have to spend more to evaluate the care of their son
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party.
He was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house in Hertfordshire.
His neighbour in Edgware, Margaret Brown, paid tribute to him today.
Perkins evens for role ahead of Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd.
Clarkson sacked by BBC after he struck and verbally abused one of show's producers.
Show will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead presented as Clarkson, Hammond and May Live.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property.
The fraternity members were allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the American flag.
Wounded veteran Nicholas Connole, who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students.
Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities.
24% of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were constantly checking their devices.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day.
Study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use Snapchat.
Child welfare authorities say the father of a three-year-old girl found alone near a suburban Chicago forest preserve left her in a trash can.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
The little girl is believed to be named Aliya.
Ikramulla will now be extradited to Illinois to face charges.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in.
They are using it as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they don't have to offer up cash if they can prove people weren't careful enough in protecting their possessions.
Police have warned that would-be thieves will often check social networks to establish that people are out of their homes before striking.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
The Grand National takes place at Aintree on Saturday.
The race is the highlight of the racing year.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner offer their predictions.
Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man'
Pearson will try to end a goal-drought at the King Power Stadium.
The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club.
The club, on George Street in Sydney’s CBD, is close to the Martin Place War Memorial.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
Sinisa Mihajlovic is being lined up to replace the Spaniard at Napoli.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
This after some worried his partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July.
Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft, noting that he had 'grown up'
Jeff Richmond, who is executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke exclusively to Daily Mail Online.
He described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
The character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag.
His face appears to be a grotesque
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie could return to action after being ruled fit.
Louis van Gaal's side are fourth in the Premier League table.
Manchester City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford.
Ciara Campbell, 43, was an officer at Lancaster CID in Lancashire.
She is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
A court heard she also spied on PC Swarlbrick's new girlfriend, Alice Coxhead, 50 times using the system.
Campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
The German champions have only scored once in their last three matches.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA.
Some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases.
Llallawavis scagliai was found in a cliff south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina.
It is the most complete skeleton of a giant predatory bird to be discovered.
Palaeontologists say it would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
The bird would have been better at detecting lower frequency sounds than humans are.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich.
Jose Mourinho believes the next 700 games will see them supply more players for the English national team.
Chelsea are in a far stronger position than when Abramovich bought the club from Ken Bates for £140m on June 1, 2003.
Mourinho has been in charge of Chelsea for almost five of the Russian's 12 seasons at Stamford Bridge.
Video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau.
The 9km long electrified track leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively.
Train emerges into the light and passes very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm.
Instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy'
But ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital, Burton, ran out of space to store bodies in mortuary.
Bosses at the hospital admitted they didn't tell relatives about arrangement.
A spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country.
John Coyne, 56, ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed yesterday.
Police have urged people to contact them if they believe they have been attacked.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
One of the men is described as weighing 145 to 155lbs, with a height between 5ft 7in and 5ft 10in.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Local sources claim the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them.
Scott Shirley, wife Mayo and son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington DC.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
After putting their luggage on the floor of the cabin, the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit.
United Airlines have offered them a $150 flight voucher, or the option to file a claim for the baggage.
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire.
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
It is home to the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The Briton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second with a strong drive from fourth on the grid.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic.
They are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation.
Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor.
Methane is the second-largest greenhouse gas contributor to climate change.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
The motivational speaker suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body in 2011.
She underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild a nose but was not expecting complications where she had stopped breathing during the procedure.
Ms Pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 after a long battle with depression.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told inquest that friend AJ Sutton later identified body.
Pathologist Richard Ball confirmed cause of death as hanging.
Mr Hardman's family said he was 'a huge personality who will be missed'
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
Heslip has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged.
He accepted Todd Ray's offer to join the show as the 'Bubble Boy' a few weeks ago and said it gives him the platform to talk about his
Arsenal host Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday evening in the Premier League.
The Gunners have won 15 of their last 17 games in all competitions.
Chelsea currently hold a seven-point lead and a match in hand.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place.
If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot.
Paladini's claim is based on what he says he was told by Darrell Willis, former chief of woodland fires for the city.
Male competitors on Bear Grylls' show The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers thought was a common caiman.
However, suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films with Tuttosport comparing the clash to 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers.
La Gazetta dello Sport are equally bold in their conviction that the Old Lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won.
Spain are looking towards an all-Spanish Champions League final between arch rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
Amelie Mauresmo is due to give birth to a baby in August.
The Scot has been planning to work with Jonas Bjorkman.
Bjorkman is a former world No 1 doubles player.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis.
Couple, who live in house just north of commissary building, encounter only hired workers in the town, which previously housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Evansburg was once a remote town, but now is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving building in a state of disrepair
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
Despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has an online dating profile.
He says that he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs.
The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf.
Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
Sarah Fox, 27, was found dead with multiple injuries in Bootle, Merseyside.
Her mother Bernadette, 57, was also found dead at sheltered accommodation.
Police are hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox in connection with the deaths.
Mr Fox is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build.
He speaks with a Liverpool accent and police are also looking for CCTV footage.
Madeline Luciano allegedly allowed pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
The 40-year-old claims exercise was supposed to teach them to be kind to each other.
But she claims it only stopped when the girl started crying.
Ms Luciano has now launched court action against the city's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The study was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University in Pennsylvania.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
Ventura said he regretted the way he'd handled himself.
42% of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.
35% disagreed with using the controversial technique.
Greenpeace survey found greatest support among men (56%) and over-65s.
By contrast only 29% of women backed fracking, survey found.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island, was indicted Wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative's dog and bragging about it afterward.
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
He is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal'
Coroner ruled that the fall was 'no accident' but stopped short of ruling Mr Stephenson committed suicide.
Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere.
He initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell paramedics he had intended to kill himself.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemanky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce.
The Masters 2015 is almost here and is the first major of the year.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose will tee off.
Past Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel will also play.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer.
It applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete.
The robot made its debut at the Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 in France.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
The Scotland international lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards.
Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal.
Stoke lost 2-1 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table.
City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday.
Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins.
When higher concentrations of clear alcohol are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet.
These can then be soaked up using a paper towel.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) as part of its Reactions series.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
'It's time. Two legends. One destiny. All roads end here,' the commentary says during the official advert.
May 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by Mayweather's fight with Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez in September 2013.
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for England.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland.
MPs north of the border will have no say if Wales votes in favour of the Welsh Assembly having income tax powers like those being devolved to Holyrood in a proposed referendum.
Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison.
But now he may be moved to a low-security Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland.
Sutcliffe is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse.
He has said he no longer hears the 'voices from God' which he blamed for his killing spree.
A report is being compiled which will be heard next month.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday.
The 24-year-old thanked supporters for their patience as he netted.
Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes.
The 1,000 Guineas hope is trained by David Simcock.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes last September prior to landing a Listed event there five weeks later.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show.
A friend who wished to stay anonymous said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team and won over 40 medals.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
Hemphrey was born in Doncaster and raised in Kent.
As a youngster for Notts under 11s where he scored his first hundred.
The 25-year-old moved to Brisbane 18 months ago.
Anonymous donor posted plain brown envelope to church officials.
Said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'
Cash will be put towards restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million.
Church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding.
But only if they can raise additional £7.1million themselves by end of year.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
Parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
The boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
He was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
The coastguard used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane.
Stancil told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to his brother.
'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he said.
He said he is a neo-Nazi who is concerned about the future of white children.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on Churchill Way.
Had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7.
Hamish Baillie, 47, claims he was molested by Lord Janner during game of hide-and-seek.
Father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former Leicester West MP waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘beggars belief’
Adam Barker will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties.
He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
Adam Barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
LHC is located underground below the border between Switzerland and France.
It was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson.
But scientists hope it will unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
They are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to upgrade.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer as a teenager.
The 42-year-old left Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16.
He was captain of the youth team and was then in the first team squad.
Rodgers believes his experience has helped him to nurture the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey.
Bailey told WPTV the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding.
They are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages.
The club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in 89th minute.
The Argentine scored in injury time against QPR to win the title in 2012.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets for City.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
As he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day, he saw Chelsea talking on the phone.
A member of her Secret Service protective detail came in behind him to take the Clintons' only child to school.
'Oh, I’ve got to go. The pigs are here,' she told her phone pal, according to Payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
Chelsea now shares leadership of the Bill,
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Users get a purple flair when they press The Button between 52 and 60 seconds.
When they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button.
NSW's Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million.
He said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future.
The Minister said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year.
It would be possible to make exceptions in certain circumstances – for example women escaping domestic violence.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire.
Prior will lead his own team in the race for the first time.
The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan.
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course.
He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers in his dorm room.
Loughlin pleaded 'not guilty' in court on Friday to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark.
The 26-year-old was attacked at 9.45am on Saturday at Fishery Bay, South Australia.
Witnesses said the shark was swimming away with Mr Blowes' leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was taken to Port Lincoln hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
He is in a critical condition in the Royal Adelaide hospital.
Fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes.
Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices.
The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
A fundraising page has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, was allegedly stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen, who remanded her until July 22.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a $250,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather.
The pair agree to put $100,000 on the mega-fight in Las Vegas.
Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are expected to gross over $300million.
Boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting down $10,000.
Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity.
The former England rugby captain is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on Earth.
Moody and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
When Copeland told the man to back off, Bleary allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the New York Post.
Copeland, who is from New Jersey, was supposed to play his former team, the Knicks, at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Australia beat New Zealand in World Cup final on Sunday.
Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill's face after his dismissal.
Darren Lehmann defended his players following criticism.
Sportsmail's David Lloyd has added his voice to the chorus of criticism.
Andrew Danziger flew President Obama's campaign plane in 1989.
The veteran airman said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit.
He said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
The pair later informed the National UFO Report Centre of the sighting.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton, has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes.
The single mother of two is partying away her final years on Brighton's gay scene.
She admits proffering a bus pass while'stinking of vodka' can be a bit embarrassing.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Two security guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The men tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold.
Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal.
They are now seeking a search warrant for the phones of the armed guard who felt sick because of the suspicious nature of the case.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday.
Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner may be heading for the exit at the end of the season.
Hamann also doubts whether injured Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side when fit.
Dr Teresa Belton, 62, believes that people living modestly find more satisfaction in their lives.
Simple activities such as inviting someone out for tea and singing in a community choir can all improve general wellbeing.
Belton says: 'Wellbeing is a continuing state, while happiness can come and go'
Her book, Happier People Healthier Planet, supports the belief that while many strive for material things that may generate temporary happiness, it is not sustainable way to be.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner's office for alleged misconduct.
Chanel, 19, claims to be a vegetarian and has taken to bathing in pig's blood to maintain her youthful appearance.
She claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
The model also shows off a myriad of other 'beauty fixes' she uses, including a daily shot of garlic powder, balsamic vinaigrette, sage, and olive oil.
Jessica Silva has spoken for the first time about the day she stabbed and killed her partner, the father of her young son.
She tells 60 Minutes that'my head is just full, I can't live with it, I need forgiveness'
Michael Usher, the veteran journalist who conducted the interview, has revealed her walked away from the experience 'totally drained'
He also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways, Mr Polkinghorne could still not understand why his son was dead.
Last month she walked free from court, despite being convicted of manslaughter, free to tell of
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury suggested she had been drinking heavily on the night.
Friends say she had only a few drinks before leaving a club.
Cadbury said: 'It's very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very, very vulnerable positions'
Women's rights campaigners branded his comments 'insensitive' and 'unhelpful'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The Belgian star will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut ties.
Chelsea are also looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Harry Kane will play for the U21s at the European Championships.
The Tottenham striker made his England debut against Italy last week.
Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to play.
Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill'
Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency.
Chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
DNA samples led them to his mother, who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
The woman, who has not been named, was on bail while CPS decide whether to charge her with failing to register a birth and preventing a lawful burial.
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington.
The Anfield boss was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof.
But his conviction was quashed because he did not receive a summons.
Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 at the Emirates to win the Premier League title.
Jose Mourinho's side are one step closer to the title with a solid back four.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp at Wembley.
Reading were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Steve Clarke has backed Federici to bounce back against Birmingham.
The Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
Toyal Lotus lid's surface is based on the principle and creates an angle of 170 degrees.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous.
Celebrities including Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and playboy Giuseppe Cipriani are said to have holidayed in the resort.
Colonia del Sacramento is perhaps Uruguay's prettiest town, with cobbled streets and crumbling buildings left over from Portuguese and Spanish rule.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and asylum seekers do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Those from outside the EU who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country.
Jay Rutland, 34, married Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in July 2013.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in just £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives with wife and one-year-old daughter in south-west London.
Couple are said to own £300,000 Ferrari, £123,000 Bentley GT Continental.
One in 30 pupils who sat exams ended up with at least ten A grades.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012.
But critics say high-fliers mean not enough has been done.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round.
Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title.
He is now 26-0 with 18 knockouts.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has become the first governor in five years to visit Cuba.
He is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
The purpose of his visit was to see what can be done now and look to the future should full trade be restored.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was cleared to play in Scottish Cup final.
The defender was not sent off and no penalty was given after extra-time.
John Hughes says he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'
When she saw her school photo, she asked, 'What happened to my glasses?'
'Her picture doesn't look like her without glasses,' she said.
Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch offered to re-take it.
Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 struggled to get under par during the opening round.
Woods recorded a relatively respectable score.
It was testament to his cussedness as much as his talent.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
The 33-year-old said thoughts of losing his place in 2009 were motivating factor.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and keep them on course for quadruple.
England were embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year.
Brendon McCullum is adept at playing T20 all over the world.
Alex Hales believes England's players aren't competing in enough T20 competitions.
Chris Woakes will play alongside McCullum for Warwickshire.
Ashley Young is the resident DJ at Manchester United.
But he has been told to play only house and funky house music.
The English winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Olly Murs.
Murs was invited on to the show, co-hosted by Jonny Evans' wife Helen.
Adam Johnson, 27, charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming.
He is due to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court.
The Premier League winger was arrested on March 2 at his six-bedroom, £1.9million home in Castle Eden, near Hartlepool.
Peter Schweizer's new book, Clinton Cash, is due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
Claims that Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation.
Says there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors.
The claims against Clinton, Secretary of State from 2009-13, are laid out in Clinton Cash.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book.
She says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw Prince playing strip billiards.
The dominatrix has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show.
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages, Labour leader said.
New unit of 100 staff would work with Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra.
It's the one year anniversary of Kimye and Kim Kardashian is festively dressed up in an off-white Narcisco Rodriguez Fall 2015 outfit.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are eight points behind Liverpool in the Premier League.
United face Manchester City in the derby on Sunday.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade around the potato.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through.
Nicky Buckley, 49, has written a new memoir about her nine month pregnancy.
The Game Show host and model faced criticism for showing her bump on TV.
Bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family.
She says the pregnancy showed the ugly side to TV.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home on Tuesday.
He was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's home.
Animal welfare officers tried to move him, but he was not prepared.
They fired tennis balls and beanbags to try and get him to move out.
Eventually, they decided it was best to double check the area was cougar-free.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington.
He says he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin.
The incident came to light after the Washington Post published a long account of Pickens' time in the town.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyers said mental illness drove the then 25-year-old to shoot the President in an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster.
He has been allowed freedom in stages and spends 17 days a month at his mother's Williamsburg home.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal 3-0 ahead.
Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
Sportsmail's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances.
Roma have been punished for displaying an offensive banner.
The banner taunted the mother of a Napoli fan who died last year.
A Serie A disciplinary tribunal stated the banners were 'provocatively insulting'
Roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match with Atalanta.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork.
Kazakhstan's Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers.
Voting began this week and the Miss Army competition will be open until May 10.
Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner with over 1,100 votes.
Military chiefs hope the competition will attract hundreds of young men to join up.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Once the cord is attached, the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county.
His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door.
Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard.
He slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
Animal was found several hours later by his distraught owner Tang Chao, 40.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP is at the mercy of SNP.
Osborne warns it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if Scottish nationalists hold balance of power.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon unveils £140billion 'ransom note' for Labour.
Says it would add £6billion to Britain's interest bill, worth £350 per family.
Comes after Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's budget.
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
The Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely'
His father Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have felt since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
The findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
But his recovery has been quicker than expected and he will rejoin the squad for training next week.
Mourinho hinted that Loic Remy could return against Manchester United.
The 15-month-old girl imulates the way her pregnant mother walks.
She pulls a cheeky face as she continues around the room.
Her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-0 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a stunning goal in extra time.
Ryan Seager and Matt Targett also scored for the Saints.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Lyth hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132.
Now he finds himself competing with Jonathan Trott to be Alastair Cook’s opening partner at the first Test in Antigua on April 13.
Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned Theo Walcott's confidence is plummeting.
Theo Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy.
Walcott was starting his first international game in 18 months having injured his cruciate ligaments.
Wenger insists there are flaws in Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the number of required homegrown players in Premier League squads to 12.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart.
World No 6 Ivanovic lost for the third time this year to Garcia.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Arsenal defender Jade Bailey.
The England international apologised for the incident after the game.
City lost 1-0 to Arsenal in the Women's Super League on Sunday.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old posted a behind the scenes snap on Instagram.
Booth is the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality.
Tiger Woods hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
Woods claimed a bone popped out in his right arm, right there, but he reset it.
The 21-year-old Texan finished in the top 20 at Augusta National.
Bradley Johnson scored twice as Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0.
The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Alex Neil's side remain in the Championship's relegation zone.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as 'humble and down to earth'
Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray.
He said he rationed food and water and kept his calorie expenditure low.
Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors made an emotional statement.
They were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, denies four counts of sexual assault.
Accused of touching two nurses while working at Wirral's Arrowe Park Hospital.
Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays.
Manohar denied touching her inappropriately and said his office door had been open.
An estimated 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property.
It is speculation he wants to dodge Labour's mansion tax if the party wins the election.
Campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax comes into force.
Miracle Godson, 13, was reported missing on Friday afternoon.
He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near Wigan.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious.
An inquest will be held in due course into his death.
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final on May 30.
The Gunners have been without Theo Walcott for the majority of the season.
Walcott has been pictured on a bench with six of his team-mates.
He has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Premier League games.
Violeta Tupuola has joined the puffy pout craze by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions.
The video starts off with Violeta putting lip gloss on her already luscious lips before she suctioning the shot glass over her mouth.
When she first saw the bizarre result, which is reportedly painful with the effect lasting up to hours, she gasped and put her hand to her mouth in disbelief.
Despite being quite alarmed, Violeta wonders whether she could get the same effect to plump up her butt.
Countless teens, both boys and girls,
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into Londis in Cleveleys.
Pair demanded cash from the till, but parents refused to hand it over.
When they refused, Munro and Thompson threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed.
Munro jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court.
Thompson jailed for three years, four months for robbery and firearms offences.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
Reading have struggled in the Championship this campaign.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
Macdonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his.
The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan, just steps from the New York Public Library.
Each floor is dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room is decorated according to a genre or topic.
The Dewey Decimal System is the standardised library classification system which sorts books into the following 10 categories.
Leicester City beat Manchester City 3-0 in the Youth Cup final.
Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester the lead with 20 minutes to go.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to make it 5-1 on aggregate.
City will face Chelsea in a rematch of their last final seven years ago.
Arsenal players reveal their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of Burnley clash.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall'
Santi Cazorla chose Spanish pop star Melendi's slow track.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Calum Chambers, Danny Welbeck, Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list.
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish.
But was the achievement just a hoax?
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake.
He then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side.
Fighting against what may well be a weed, the young boy continues to reel.
Queen Margrethe was joined by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties.
Margrethe's second son, Joachim, 45, his French wife Princess Marie, his children from his first marriage, Nikolai, 15, and Felix, 12, and his youngest two, Henrik, five, Athena, three.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow were sanctioned for displaying a racist banner.
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol'
The club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against sanctions rejected.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden.
The Ukrainian won 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other.
Klitschko says he is ready to fight Tyson Fury in England.
He is mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
Adam Peaty breaks the men's 100m breast stroke world record.
His time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off and is thrilled with the win.
Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people on its way to Phuket.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
None of those brought ashore were reported to be injured, but one person aboard the boat did die.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from Leavenworth military prison in Kansas.
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
She was convicted in 2013 for leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer.
The company has warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1.
Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email.
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer.
The 22-year-old's deal is set to expire at the end of the season.
Flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to keep Flanagan at Liverpool.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
The 53-year-old has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.
It was his sixth goal in eight matches for United since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves, they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries.
Netflix, which has 2,000 employees, comes in second.
The Indiana 'ghost cane' is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a Louisiana slave master.
Bruno Amadio’s portrait of a weeping child is thought to have been cursed.
The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987 when Alan and Debby Tallman’d bought a local junk shop.
Sami Khedira is being courted by several clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic hopes to have a clearer idea of whether he will be able to join Inter Milan.
Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions this week about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will weigh-in in Las Vegas next Friday.
The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
Up to 200,000 visitors are expected to pour into Vegas this week.
Wladimir Klitschko admits he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade zipped along wet New Hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time.
Her Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C.
Less than 24 hours earlier, her Secret Service drivers led reporters on a 92-mph race through New Hampshire on a rain-slicked freeway.
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB.
He backs Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean.
Broad says it will be a great achievement for Jimmy Anderson to become England's leading wicket taker.
Pippa Middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a London park.
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen in a blue sports vest.
New Balance Pink Ribbon 990v3 Sneakers were trimmed with a pop of pink.
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital.
The girls came up with the inspirational idea after spending three Easters in a row by Harvey's side at the hospital where they were all lucky enough to receive Easter Eggs.
Huddersfield were held to a goalless draw at Brighton.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Dane Tilse will move from Canberra Raiders to Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward will join the Robins as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday.
The world no 1 had a 70-7 lead in winners, but Williams committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked Italian.
Errani served for the match at 5-4 in the second set but Williams played solidly and then the American surged to a 6-1 lead in the tiebreaker and pushed it to a third.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner to earn all three points for Ronald Koeman's side.
Mame Biram Diouf and Charlie Adam scored for the visitors in the second half.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1.
Leicester City kept their survival chances alive by coming from behind to beat West Brom.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
The highway cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
Avis, a car rental company who collated the data, found the A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District to be Britain's best road.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Miliband has remained tight-lipped on what he makes of the Milifans but did tweet back the teen behind it, saying 'Hi Abby - Delighted that you've joined Labour - welcome'
Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals for Palermo this season.
The 21-year-old has also attracted interest from Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid.
Juventus have offered £23million for the striker.
Dybala admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home.
Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway.
Detectives have offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice.
Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu.
The Spanish keeper has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons.
De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
But Casillas claims he is willing to fight for the jersey he went on to make his own after breaking in to the team as a 16-year-old in 1996.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the rule.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.
The menu recommends a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush, beetroot, pickled turnips, coleslaw, garlic parsley and tahini.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties.
He urged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, court told.
Thomas replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b', the Old Bailey heard.
Islamic is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas, Yi Bao and Jin Xin.
Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
Land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition.
They journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the Innoko River before reaching the grass meadows of Lower Innoko.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours.
Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes.
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi.
The boy was on top of a white car and yelling for help.
Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has unveiled his colourful mouthpiece.
Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 friendly win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The island is 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa and has a population of around 500,000.
It is the smallest nation ever to play in the continental finals.
Every member of the squad plays club football outside Cape Verde, mostly in Europe and particularly Portugal.
Gordon Robson, 26, hit John Potts, 45, in the back of the head with a single punch.
The father-of-six had been drinking at the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, when fighting broke out.
Robson, who has a history of violent offending, was jailed for three and a half years.
Mr Potts' widow Sarah said his death had a 'devastating impact' on the family.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
The dashcam car drives onwards through smoke and burning debris, flaming branches bouncing off the windscreen.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis from Port Pirie has been charged with disorderly behaviour.
The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app.
Police allege she 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured exposing herself.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies and should focus on how they look.
England face Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Roy Hodgson's side are on course to seal their spot at Euro 2016.
Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups.
Let us know your England XI by posting them in the comments section below.
Money Man vs PacMan will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Jack Johnson was the bane of the white supremacists in America in the early 1900s.
White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title.
After a frenzied campaign, Jeffries agreed to take the fight for what would equal £3m.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday.
Gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since Koeman's arrival.
The 19-year-old is hoping to help Saints end the Under-21 Premier League strongly.
Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am on Sunday.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested and charged with public urination and public intoxication.
Pippen was arrested on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security.
She was 'wearing two bar wristbands' even though she is underage, according to a criminal complaint.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the Masters.
The world No 1 has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta.
McIlroy admits he will have to play the par fives better to have a chance of slipping on a green jacket on Sunday.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Her favorite Winstead’s memories was when Jerry Mathers and Tony Dow of the television series 'Leave It to Beaver' came to eat there in the late 1970's.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks.
Police say MacDonald ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
MacDonald was released on a citation and is scheduled back in court on April 28 for an arraignment.
Labour leader says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
Comes after party's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is investigated.
He is accused of cover-up of police corruption in bungled Stephen Lawrence murder probe.
Labour claims police are'struggling to keep up' with rise in child sexual exploitation, terrorism and online crime.
Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties, the U.S. Census Bureau has revealed.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the updated figures online Tuesday.
In 2012, that number was 94.9%.
Ludogorets defender Cosmin Moti made a kung-fu tackle on CSKA Sofia player Stefan Nikolic.
Moti connected cleanly with Nikolic's rib-cage and sent his opponent crashing to the floor.
The defender saved two penalties during the Champions League play-off against Steaua Bucharest back in August.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback.
The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
Femail rounds up the worst offenders...
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each.
It will contain Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut and Dairy Milk Whole Nut.
Floyd Mayweather's chef reveals he loves his snacks on'snack day'
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart Corey Pier.
She began to show worsening symptoms like headaches, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later.
By October 2014, Reef would be dead.
Her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of Balamuthia mandrillaris, for which there is no proven treatment.
Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes.
The Manchester United midfielder has scored seven goals in 26 appearances.
Herrera says he wears both 'Ander' and 'Herrera' on his shirt.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson slam SNP plans to prop up Labour.
London Mayor claims it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up M1'
SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament.
But is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station was a backdrop for Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy.
The art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in 1990s.
It became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman Harris K. Telemacher stopping to fill up with lover Sara McDowel.
Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years.
It's now listed on eBay for £120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for.
Prime Minister will appeal to small firms and the self-employed.
He said while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
He said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
But so far, they had not encountered visitors from space.
Documents released by Edward Snowden allege Britain was spying on Argentina.
Claims include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government.
There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims, which were published by several Argentine news agencies.
The revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the Falklands by the British last week.
The Tidwell Middle School student started a blog in August last year called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body'
The district and the boy's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction, describing it as a horror story.
The District
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, was arrested Monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher in a bathroom at a Midtown restaurant.
She told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
Her older son, who has autism, was also mistreated.
Lauren Perry had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed.
The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Mason recovered from the infection but his mum says he is not quite back to normal just yet.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
The agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
The stylish video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack.
We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch as he laughs, entranced; the couple then dance around.
Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday.
Jenson Button is training for the London Marathon with his wife.
The 35-year-old revealed he will be running for Cancer Research UK.
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making stir-fried dishes.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
Ms Zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders after meeting in Chicago 50 years ago.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
But the 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year.
Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
Guitar Hero Live will be released in the autumn for
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags.
But it's a somewhat cut and thrust job.
A mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Rangi Chase could face a four to eight-match ban for dangerous tackle.
Half-back charged with making Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Salford beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
The Portuguese star has not been at his best this year, but turned things around with a stunning display on Sunday.
Ronaldo took to Twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
But after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name. Tracking down her house, they found she was leasing under another false name.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor.
But Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool had no others to give him.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said: 'The minute that allegation was made by these kids I would have done something about it'
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream.
The pictures that were being taken in China were automatically uploaded to Matt's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed, he began writing and Tweeting about it.
There was so much interest in the 'lost-phone-found-friend' tale that it generated more than 75 million clicks and prompted Li Hongjun to come at visit.
When he got to China he was granted almost celebrity-like status.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession.
She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Garry Monk has made a striker his priority for the summer.
Club scouts have checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic at Anderlecht and Obbi Oulare from Club Brugge.
Leicester City left-back Jeffrey Schlupp is also on Swans' wish-list.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Northampton.
Brentford face Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Michael Duff believes Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England.
Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since taking over at Turf Moor in October 2012.
The former Chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School in eastern China.
They are put through their paces by instructors every day to help them lose weight.
Survey showed 5 per cent of school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old.
Instructors say they are aimed at making fitness fun, and also work with parents to help control the pupils' weights.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
Robert has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
The former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December.
He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
Mr Carlisle revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune in surviving.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12.
Joe Hart has been lamenting City's fall from grace this season.
The England goalkeeper has had 'a lot of honest conversations' with team-mates.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Hagrid the lamb was born on Tuesday at three times the size of its peers.
The animal towers over his peers at the farm in Gelston near Grantham.
Despite his remarkable size, his mother is in remarkably good condition.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars.
Hatch was expected to be at Trent's funeral to say a final goodbye.
But he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband.
Colin Gregory says Hatch broke his wife's heart by denying her credit.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason have impressed this season.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with Tottenham.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm Deep Knowledge Ventures.
He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120.
Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at Portman Road.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Fans have taken to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms'
'As if the Sherlock hiatus wasn't bad enough... experiencing #Poldark withdrawal symptoms already,' tweeted fan Mihaela Doaga within minutes of the closing credits.
The drama has been renewed and will start filming again this autumn.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives.
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory.
David Edwards, the substitute, headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game.
Pre-match results had offered Wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone, with Brentford and Ipswich Town dropping points unexpectedly.
Kenny Jackett has named an unchanged starting line-up from the side that prevailed 2-1 at Nottingham Forest on Friday.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
The court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers have sought a constitutional court review.
Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Manuel Pellegrini admits he could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season.
The club are not guaranteeing the manager will survive but it does not appear they have already made up their mind to sack him.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed.
Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims.
Barcelona won the La Liga, Champions League and Copa del Rey in 2009.
Eric Abidal believes the current crop are on their way.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the semi-finals of the competition.
Abidal was diagnosed with a cancerous liver tumour in March 2011.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
Ofqual found that one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana Monday, and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested.
The boys and a friend had driven to a house in Miami to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW.
Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez, 19, was wounded in the arm in the shootout.
A second man, 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
They attacked Orden Williams Jr. who was with a baby.
Williams was sucker punched and attacked, and his baby was also almost hit.
Police arrested 19-year-old Joe Brittman, who has been charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was found hanged inside his Miami home on Easter Sunday morning.
His psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Dr. Hupert to stay with him to monitor him.
Brandt's face appears to be a grotesque exaggeration of Brandt's own appearance.
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He was also booked for driving without headlights.
Silverthorn was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the Niagara River on December 29.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday.
Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song.
The 46-year-old then caused an airport to be evacuated after setting off the fire alarm.
Leonard admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old admitted lack of preparation affected his first round.
Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
EA Sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game.
Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
The game offers offers multiple ways to play, including arcade controls.
Fans can also mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style.
Sunday's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the American Civil War took about 5,000 miles (8,000 kilometers) south of the South.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride.
Research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of foods.
The intensity of Nessun Dorma, performed by Luciano Pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee.
High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles, while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona, Spain,
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
The single mom told ABC7: 'He's at risk for HIV, Hepatitis C, Herpes, Gonorrhea, Chlamydia'
Mark Carney was spotted on a day off from running in Hyde Park.
He was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt with no fewer than four water bottles.
The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Kintec, a Canadian sports retailer.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room of their home.
Thugs began pelting front window with stones and Mr Young confronted them.
He opened front door to confront them but was hit in left eye by brick.
Mr Young was taken to hospital but doctors could not save his left eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Marin Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with a shoulder injury.
Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic beat Cilic 6-4,6-4.
Santiago Giraldo of Colombia beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen.
Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian actress Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat to capture images of landmarks.
He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the river.
Prout's collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle.
The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Giorgio Armani, 80, has made a name for himself putting A-listers in his creations.
But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes.
The Milan-born designer has never denied that he is gay.
In an interview he condemned men who 'dress homosexual'
The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
Wall Street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget.
Footballer Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
Video appears to show him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Sterling's boyhood coach Paul Lawrence said: 'He has got to be a lot more careful with what he is doing out in public'
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
The £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf.
100 per cent of the sales of the £995 tote will go to ADCAM.
Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six goals this season.
Juventus are aiming to beat Monaco on Tuesday in their Champions League quarter-final first leg.
The Italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio in Serie A.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb.
Just as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework.
It is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS launching bungled attacks in Iraq.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old hopes to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Phillips failed to defend his title last year, but is determined to take it back this July in Belgium.
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
The anti-ageing doctor has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission.
She has been prescribing drugs such as steroids and hormones to 40 patients.
Some of the patients had a history of abusing such drugs.
Dr Epstein's barrister has asked the tribunal not to align her practice with conventional medicine.
Briony Ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo with black face make-up.
The Melbourne-based freelance presenter posted the image from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago.
She used the hashtag #IHopeThisComesOff alongside the photo of herself painted in black, seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume.
It has since emerged that on April 11, Fox Sports Australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface, as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star.
On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ing
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
No one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to Miramar Air Station.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
He spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football.
Kardashian family are in Armenia on an eight-day visit to the country of their late father's birth.
They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan, which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
The hotel is well chosen by their people as it's right in the middle of the relatively easy to get around city, where the majority of main sights are free.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Lane's mother, Donna Lane, wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea.
Sergio Aguero has struggled with fitness and has only scored three times in 2015.
Incident happened in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.
Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter.
It's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
The decision means Ronaldo could be suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Real Madrid are appealing the yellow card for their star forward.
Motherwell will go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
But a bid by the league board was withdrawn at a meeting last Thursday.
Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old Scot was invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015.
McIlroy has tipped Neil to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures.
Jose Mourinho's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Hull lost 3-1 to Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Paul McShane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up.
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid.
He insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine.
However, unperturbed, he eventually decides to run for presidency anyway.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore.
She said: 'So I am watching the news in Baltimore and see large swarms of people throwing bricks, etc at police who are fleeing from their assaults... 15 in the hospital already'
At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit.
The British sprinter says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard.
Gemili says Bolt gave him great advice to enjoy athletics.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
He allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in south London.
It is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Andres Iniesta equalised for the French champions shortly after.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi were also impressive in the first half.
Barcelona took a 4-1 aggregate lead at the Nou Camp.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by St George.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note.
The letter was posted on Reddit under the title'my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick'
It has now been shared thousands of time online.
Commenters were outraged, with one posting: 'I'm sorry, but any workplace that requires a note for sickness is ridiculous'
Rory McIlroy played golf from a young age and always admired Tiger Woods.
McIlroy and Woods will line up at Augusta for the Masters this week.
Woods is one of only five players to win the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open.
Men, women and children boarded United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, on Friday morning.
The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours.
Passengers were finally taken to their destination by bus.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
The England captain is part of three of them.
Their opening-stand century was England’s first in Test cricket for more than two years.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for the series.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness.
But she insisted on having a series of operations, including the removal of her appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she'd had a prolapse.
The inquest also heard she suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors, making them think she was not a suicide risk.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness.
Christine Lagarde and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
On daytime television both Lorraine Kelly and Ruth Langsford can regularly be seen in pink dresses while presenting their ITV TV shows.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket.
But Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
The decision was overturned by the umpire.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League.
Burnley have scored just one goal in their last seven matches.
The Humans of New York photographer shared a photo of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.
The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.
As well as joint celebrity names users expressed their annoyance at sharing names with famous songs.
And then there was gaining an embarrassing name through marriage.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School in Morristown, New Jersey.
An investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper' 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program on Monday.
If she meets all the conditions and successfully completes the diversion program, all charges against her would be dropped and her criminal record would be expunged.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine.
Australian Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad.
Sandiford said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions.
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded: 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Their responses are hardly surprisingly considering the downfalls of fellow politicians when salacious messages are revealed in the press.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case, testified Thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45.
Van is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Esparza said Van was directing his anger not just at her attacker but at her, and that she did not know what Van and his friends would do once she pointed out Ramirez.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend.
Stars wore bizarre outfits, including mesh maxi dresses and leotards.
But a few stars' dubious style still managed to stand out.
Jaden Smith, 16, wore floral-print tunic that looked like tiered dress.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down.
It caused the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury, and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants to introduce DNA testing.
It wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of their cheek.
The sample will be registered on a database and the council will issue an £80 fine.
Comes as similar schemes in the US have reduced dog fouling by 90%.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's on New Year's Day.
The father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'
Bryant was placed under a banning order for three years and fined £500.
He was also ordered to pay £200 court costs.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 to book a quarter-final place at the Crucible.
McGill was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began.
Selby became the 16th man to falter, joining Steve Davis, Stephen Hendry and Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate, Manchester.
She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10.
Instead of Sweet Kisses, staff had placed two Sex on the Beach cocktails.
Ms Dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version.
Amanda Lamb stars in new Air Wick fragrance campaign.
The 42-year-old TV presenter says simple touches can enhance a home.
Says one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with fragrance.
Chris O'Dowd expressed his frustration with Gatwick Airport staff.
The Bridesmaids star tweeted: 'Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird, but not me!'
The incident occurred a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980.
But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
New evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in California history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute.
It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row and kept up pressure on Chelsea.
Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their winning streak.
Footage shows Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies.
The tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Jason Holder scored a maiden Test century for the hosts.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of May's edition of Golf Digest.
She appeared in the Women's U.S. Open when she was just 12.
At the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in a major tournament.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
Kecil the orangutan was rejected by his natural mother and another surrogate mother.
But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
Maggie, 53, has raised Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects.
Retired Major General Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode four months ago.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
Alan Pardew believes the Cumbrian forward has a 'bionic' knee.
The Toon boss believes the 31-year-old is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading.
Smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17.
The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire.
Less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they
QPR manager Chris Ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York.
The blog aims to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry.
It has attracted attention from the best in the business, including women-in-tech advocate Tracy Chou, a software engineer at Pinterest.
Steven Thompson speared John McGinn with a training ground pole.
The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season.
Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements.
He lived there with his family from 2002 and unveiled it officially in 2006.
But local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief'
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
She is charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano.
The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates.
'Stop and think - if every mother posted all that c**p about their kid - I'm sure you'd get over it pretty quickly,' it adds.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired'
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine.
William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September.
Police have described the 'fast-paced' investigation into the toddler's disappearance as a 'two worlds collided'
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
She faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks.
Richie Benaud died at 84 from skin cancer.
David Cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to Richie Benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’
Thereafter international cricket fans in England lost his genius when live game switched from terrestrial to satellite TV.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at Augusta.
Spieth was presented with his green jacket by last year's Masters champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval - tweeting a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
Pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions.
He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.
A NSW Police spokeswoman said an arrest is yet to be made.
Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp.
But he pretended that he also wanted to break up with her.
He replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to'
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
Watching the Matawan town hall meeting was Jim Keady, who Christie famously told to'sit down and shut up' for heckling him over the disbursement of Superstorm Sandy funds.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen is second in the list.
Liverpool stand-in captain Jordan Henderson is also included in the top 10.
This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs.
The game, which dates back to Australia's goldfields, made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game.
Two-up is allowed on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs.
Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday.
He is accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment.
Jutting, 30, returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader is seen smiling on the top at sunrise.
He then visited troops at the mountain's base, saying the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'
This is just the latest of Kim's publicity stunts published in state media.
The SEC announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight.
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones.
Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
Ibrahim Anderson and Shah Jahah Khan have pleaded not guilty to terror offences.
The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street.
Both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey cardigan.
Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Aristocrat Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein is 27 years younger than the former Spanish king.
Allegations are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources.
Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of his son, Felipe, in 2014.
He married former Queen Sofia in 1962 and became king in 1975.
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne met guests' requests.
They included a live-in tailor, two grand pianos and a horse and carriage.
And they were all fulfilled, the firm told MailOnline.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 after CPS dropped prosecution against him.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages.
His solicitor Peter Garsden said suing'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'
The Crown Princess was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
Mary wore a chic black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons, embellished with a brooch.
The 43-year-old wore an asymmetrical grey felt hat, which perfectly matched her high heels.
Jaye Cox and her husband, Matthew, delivered their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital.
Her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
The Cox's contacted Angel Gowns, a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found Monday.
He is also charged with child abuse.
Authorities say he used a USB cord to kill his wife, 37, and the children, Celeste, 2, and Timothy III, 8, at their home in Eastpointe, Michigan.
Frideneck told a judge Wednesday that he wants to plead insanity, and that he tried to kill himself.
The couple had been married 16 years and their two children were set to celebrate birthdays in
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva missed the last three trips to Wembley due to injury.
The midfielder is hoping to play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final on April 19.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
Bernard simply stated that it's been an 'honor' to serve the Obamas and lauded the first lady for welcoming 'every guest to the White House with her signature warmth, grace and style'
French coach driver forced to perform U-turn on river slipway in Dartmouth.
He was carrying a bus full of French tourists and under the watchful stare of passersby.
Terrified Gallic customers clung onto their seats as the driver slowly shunted forward and back.
Veteran actor Robert Hardy is selling off his collection of antiques.
He is selling items including a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt.
The 89-year-old is a keen military historian who studied English.
Mr Hardy is also selling paintings, furniture, swords and crystal chandeliers.
Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday and was taken to the hospital.
His parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his neighbour Terrence Freebody in 2012.
Costa was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse.
The jury can return a not guilty verdict if Costa's state of mind can be proven.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for Muslim woman and her partner on a Sydney train.
She recorded the vile rant on her mobile phone before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said he was shocked by the ugly incident.
He said another woman nearby supported the racist woman and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Valdosta State University, Georgia, has cancelled classes ahead of a rally expected to draw hundreds of flag supporters.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was detained by police when she refused to return the flag.
Police traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration.
They issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting'
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India.
The main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace.
Historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to further protect its heritage.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France.
Well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies.
Andy Murray will lead the GB team in the match that takes place from July 17-19.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She claims she was arrested because she refused to pay a £70 fine.
Police insist she was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The beach is popular among tourists from Europe and the US.
Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car.
He has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard and is refusing to pay the fine.
Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences and urged Mr Haste to appeal.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, and his wife, Rosanna, 29, left Gloriavale in March 2013.
They watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
In the film, residents of a pretend 19th century town fear the 'wicked' outside world.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Kimmel is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took friend's Akita-type dog for a walk and hacked it to death.
He was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Dixon told court he was worried it might bite one of the children sleeping at the house.
But he was convicted by magistrates after further evidence was presented in a case brought by the RSPCA at trial earlier in the year.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has been at the club for almost 40 years.
The 72-year-old claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for the defeat.
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel have also resigned.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson will now be African-American.
This just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election.
Michael Owen sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show.
The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport.
The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for a flight to Lanzarote.
Security officers were described as 'over-zealous' by the boy's father.
Mr Hayward said: 'No wonder it was taking so long if they wanted to pat down every little kid'
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties.
33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive' on the subject of the economy.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Sweet potato is one of the most important food crops for human consumption.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on The Voice.
He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight.
The Redemptorist Missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent.
The driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru.
It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below.
Locals rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their ancestors.
Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad.
Dieters must limit eating the designated unhealthy foods, eating less than one tablespoon of butter a day and eating cheese, fried or fast food to less than once a week.
For those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent.
Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform.
He proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on Facebook.
The image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
Felippe warns others not to follow in the delinquent man's footsteps.
Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
The couple met construction workers involved in converting the old steading building and talked to staff who will run the distillery.
Lucas Leiva and Alex Song could leave Liverpool in the summer.
Roberto Mancini is keen on Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Leiva and Song are currently on loan at West Ham United.
The war widows will be the guests of honour at the Gallipoli dawn service on Saturday.
Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday.
She's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled to the battlefields.
The group have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders.
Maria McErlane was travelling with her old mucker Doon Mackichan.
The Datai Hotel and Resort is in the north west of the island.
Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Juventus are unbeaten at home this season.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
The 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in Europe.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Liverpool are also monitoring James Milner and Danny Ings.
Google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed.
The same Google account must be signed into on the phone - although this hasn't been confirmed.
To locate a lost phone, sign into a Google account on Chrome and type 'find my phone' into the search engine.
A map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37,'suffered from post-natal depression'
She allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, their six-week-old baby.
Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, had initially been accused of killing his partner.
But police now believe Perez friman, a Spanish national of Cuban descent, to be the culprit.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern twice in the second and third rounds.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
The 37-year-old admitted he was not at his best.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans.
Robert Durst appeared in court in New Orleans, Louisiana on Tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22.
Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
His lawyers say those convictions don't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law.
Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win against Hearts.
The Gers captain was shown a straight red card for fouling Osman Sow.
Stuart McCall says McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players.
Rangers move into second place in the Scottish Championship.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences.
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Seamus Coleman was adjudged to have been fouled by Marvin Emnes.
Roberto Martinez felt Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
The Everton manager said Michael Oliver should have risen above the appeals from the Swansea faithful.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father Curtis Martin is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
And Kendall’s genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin, passed on from her mixed-race father.
One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Another was filmed by Tianna Brien, who spotted a houseboat being swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie.
Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Portuguese side are unbeaten in the Champions League this season.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1.
Jose Mourinho led Porto to glory in 2004 but later moved to Chelsea.
Lopetegui has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello.
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open.
The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal was denied his 20th win of the season, terming it 'a disaster'
Defending champion Kei Nishikori beat Santiago Giraldo in straight sets.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
He will no longer be No 81 having been given his prison number: W106228.
Hernandez is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations.
It can also be disclosed that he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia.
A three-bedroom apartment in one of the most expensive areas to live in Britain has been put on the market for just £575,000.
But the 'bargain' property comes with a catch, as it has just three years left on the lease.
The 'unmodernised' maisonette in the in exclusive Egerton Place, is described as 'bright and well proportioned' with 1,990 sq/ft of space.
It boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a reception room and utility room along with a lift, parking and a communal garden.
If any buyer decides to extend
England captain Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Joe Root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
Root is the fifth England batsman to score six consecutive 50s in Test innings.
Hillary Clinton's armored Chevy van stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle.
Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea.
Clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues, student loans and income inequality.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
But they were marooned on island for up to two weeks after ID card was stolen.
Mother-of-four, 37, has Jamaican passport and has not yet been given permission to live here permanently.
She claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return to the UK.
The Merfin is a monofin made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid.
The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina.
Mahina says the merfin can also help to tone abs and thighs.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs.
This could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
It has sparked a war of words between the Waqf, the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, and Israeli archaeological authorities.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way'
Launching a rare attack from his official White
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day.
Hormone drug tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
Study of 1,090 breast cancer patients by British and Swedish researchers at Lund University, Sweden.
Bafetimbi Gomis doubled Swansea's lead in the first half with a thunderous overhead kick.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half when he pounced in the six-yard box.
Gomis grabbed his second of the match in injury time after chipping Jonjo Shelvey's pass.
Hull defender David Meyler was sent off in the 53rd minute for a foul on Kyle Naughton.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters.
World No 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th.
McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months and banned from keeping animals for five years.
He was also ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580.
James Houlder and girlfriend Vicki Hood were on holiday in Egypt.
But within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea.
The 30-year-old has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)
Mr Houlder, who works for a publishing company, is still suffering nine months on.
He says he was offered £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology from First Choice.
Former PM made a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend.
During a dinner held in an Indian banquet hall in Morden, Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
A four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino turned on one another around 10pm.
Video shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons.
There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League this season.
Italy and Germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than England.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift.
He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
Ukip says schoolchildren are being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party says it is designed to 'catch them young' and 'feed them propaganda'
Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy.
Alec Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the role.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job.
Stewart played 133 Tests and 170 ODIs for England.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his Test wickets record.
The Lancashire seamer took four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday.
Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Moeen Ali has been called up for the next Test in Grenada.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's truck.
He left with broken ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan.
But he claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Sloan said: 'I don't want it to get misconstrued that I told on this man'
FC Rostov beat Torpedo Moscow 1-0 on Monday night in the Russian Premier League.
Ivan Novoseltsev got down on one knee to propose to girlfriend Katerina Keyru.
The 23-year-old placed a ring on Keyru's finger before kissing and hugging her.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, has been charged with two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
Police allege she faked having terminal cancer to raise money in 2014.
In February, Ms Edmunds told a court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence.
Ms Edmunds went into hiding after revelations of her alleged fraud came to light last year.
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool.
The Australian retail giant have so far refused to back down on their stance.
PETA Australia have successfully petitioned other retailers to stop selling the fur.
They revealed the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms.
Morris, 55, will perform four sold-out shows at the Sydney Opera House in May.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people.
Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached the rules on the sale of private data.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food.
In the study, 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours, before a 90-minute endurance workout.
After this, half were fed hot cakes, hash browns and orange juice, followed
Joe Root reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker at 2,000 runs.
Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series.
Andres Iniesta played a pivotal role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The World Cup winner scored his fourth assist in Europe this season.
Barcelona face Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday.
Sheffield Wednesday held Bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at Dean Court.
Chris Maguire scored a late penalty to salvage a point.
Eddie Howe was left 'heartbroken' but frustrated with referee Paul Tierney.
Bournemouth have had 15 penalties this season.
Flakka is a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth.
It can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
The drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The winger has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the League and Blackburn in the FA Cup.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time.
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
The highly-anticipated blockbuster saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds.
Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Gladys Knight.
Knight is best known for singing hits such as 'Midnight Train To Georgia'
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman said to blame scandal on racism.
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism in East London borough.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
The two men – who are not related – are both members of the Tower Hamlets First party.
The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase.
Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital.
One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend, who is trapped inside.
Reading will play Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of the Championship club.
The 73-year-old is one of Thailand's most powerful women.
She is the first female on the Thai Airways board.
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady'
She became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area.
The US body that regulates Internet addresses is looking to crack down on a Canadian company using the new '.sucks' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as Kevin Spacey.
So far, purchased names include Youtube.sucks, Bing, Bankofamerica, Telusmobility and other major brand names.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars.
Customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old actress, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks.
She posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account, showcasing a range of healthy options, including a variety of fresh vegetables, some brown rice and some black beans.
Javier Hernandez scored Real Madrid's late winner against Atletico Madrid.
The on-loan striker swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez for his celebration.
Henry believes the striker owes all the credit to his team-mate.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31.
The 17-year-old is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi.
Both families have reported the boys missing to police.
British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria.
Boys are from the same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home.
When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.
But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.
Her children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
When she collapsed in her home in December, she could not contact her family.
She died in hospital a few days later from her injuries.
Most major mobile phone operators regularly'recycle' numbers.
Research found that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid.
A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash.
The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a study co-author's finger.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip is a 'wasted' vote.
The former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him'
On Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves.
In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move.
It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
Ice-melt has revealed the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake, before organisms like plankton conceal them once more.
Images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the U.S. Coast Guard, who had a perfect view of normally obscured wreckage.
The James McBride ran aground during a storm on October 19, 1857, and its remains now lie in 15 feet of water near Sleeping Bear Point.
Brian Stow was attacked outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in March 2011.
He was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside.
The father-of-two has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season.
Los Angeles Superior Court awarded Mr Stow and his family $18 million.
But the family has still not received any of the cash due legal delays.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay fare.
Judge ordered Dahbi to pay $10,000 in fines and attend anti-discrimination training.
Ben Flower was sent off in October's Grand-Final at Old Trafford.
The 28-year-old was handed a six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia.
Flower will return for Wigan against Warrington on Thursday.
Coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'
Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long enforced pre-season.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from Twitter last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe.
It costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
The grips mean that the tool doesn't get slippery in the sweatiest situations.
Ventus X was designed with a new coating that gives full comfort while in gameplay.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath.
He was driven by Michael Young, 56, who mistakenly thought he was going to 'do a runner'
Mr Young drove Mr Hicks back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson.
But when Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile.
Mr Hicks suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother.
The exact amount of compensation is yet to be decided but is set to be around 50 per cent of what the family had requested
Number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance fell by 20,700 in March.
UK's unemployment rate is now 5.6%, a fall of 1.3% since a year ago.
Labour's Ed Miliband is not'strong enough' to win the election alone, says Nicola Sturgeon.
Alexander Meier is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Meier tops the Bundesliga scoring charts with 19 goals.
Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski are also out.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club.
North was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face-off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm.
Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs.
Late last night, a ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute.
One lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket for $7,924 (£5,265) and tweeted
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
For 20 years the farmer would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns.
Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature, in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill him.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
The Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.
Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson, who lies 55 places below him in the rankings.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
It is the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist in Bermondsey, south London.
The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, while women take six and men take four.
Female stars including Susanna Reid, Josie Gibson and Jamelia have all stepped up.
Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley among male contenders for campaign.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver's side are just nine points above the relegation zone.
Carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
But campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish.
Scottish government says seals are now better protected than ever before.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
After a police search that lasted more than an hour, the brothers were pulled from the water.
They were flown by a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter to a Yuma hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
His brother David said: 'It's a real shock, he was one of the fittest men I've ever met'
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia before their 2007 split.
The children are reportedly set to join the family in Sydney as they rally around David's second wife Prue Fisher.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Reds legend Robbie Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to focus on Gerrard.
Gerrard will miss the FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Fowler believes Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool to develop his game.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge until the summer of 2016.
Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, of Apopka, Florida, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries.
Her blood alcohol content level was over the legal driving limit, police revealed after a month-long investigation.
Trinity Bachmann was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when both of them were struck by the car.
Miller was booked into the Orange County Jail on Thursday after turning herself in and is out on a $3,500 bond.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, works as a make-up artist.
Her gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 on Instagram.
She says that her busiest time of year is Halloween... unsurprisingly.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The 29-year-old joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010.
Tierney was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to injury.
Sharon Freundel gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal.
In October, her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom.
The 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February.
He is set to be sentenced in May.
Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th.
The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report.
Samsung is relying on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts, including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
Bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Elizabeth Stewart is the stylist behind Aussie stars Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie.
Jeanann Williams is Naomi Watts' longtime stylist.
Elrich also styles Penelope Cruz, Jessica Biel and Girls star Allison Williams.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Ken Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday.
The 29-year-old admits she is dreaming of making the main draw.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory.
The 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint.
Plunkett could feature in a warm-up game for England on Monday.
The mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the waste.
PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said it is the worst he's seen in 28 years.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'
The seven players involved in the game at St George's Park jump around in a celebratory huddle.
Chelsea can wrap up the Premier League title with two more victories.
Frances Bean Cobain, 22, is the daughter of Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain.
She revealed she's not a huge fan of her late father's music in a new interview.
The singer's daughter was just 20 months old when he committed suicide.
Says she's more into Mercury Rev, Oasis and Brian Jonestown Massacre.
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out.
When we cook at home the majority of us (55%) rely on burgers or mince.
The supermarket's study also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965.
She managed to reclaim some of the money but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market.
The Light Dragoons are moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire.
They will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after 15 years in the town.
More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets to cheer on the departing troops.
Many of the children lining the route are from military families and are also preparing to move to Yorkshire.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig in New Jersey.
The 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores.
VanZant is one of the few athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy.
They were later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. who had earlier been told they were dead.
Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City.
Pictures taken by East Germany's Stasi secret police during 40 year existence.
They were used as evidence in show trials against those they caught.
Also used to train up border guards so they knew what people might try to do to escape.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in a box at the Stasi Archive in Berlin.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house that featured as Leadbetters' home in 1970s TV series.
Great-grandmother-of-five has resided at home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
Comments come after PM promised he would help deliver 'greatest sunshine' of job, home, tax cuts and secure retirement.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Serie A leaders.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken.
Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona.
Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to move top of Ligue 1.
Matej Vydra scored a stunning volley to put Watford 2-0 up.
Adlene Guedioura equalised for the visitors shortly after the break.
Millwall were on top for much of the first half but Watford took advantage.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
The anonymous artists spent six months and $30,000 working on the life-like effigy of the former NSA whistle-blower.
Snowden has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes after tragic crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
After disaster strikes, there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as Germanwings flight 4U 9525.
Stuart McCall has led Rangers to three successive victories in the Championship.
The Rangers boss has warned Lee McCulloch he is not 'undroppable'
McColloch has been warned he could lose his place in the starting XI.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water'
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he saw the snake.
He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members.
A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returns to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness.
The 33-year-old has worked extensively with Dr Steve Peters during the last year.
Peters said there is no magic cure and that Trott had worked hard to counter his problems.
Prime Minister ate hotdog with cutlery during campaign visit to Poole.
He was pictured eating it with a knife and fork in the sunshine in Dorset.
Cameron has a chequered history with hotdogs, including in 2010.
Old Etonian insists he will not change the way he speaks or behaves.
The 'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded the 1929 vote the 'flapper election'
With just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'
Azerbaijan will host the European Grand Prix next season.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
Bernie Ecclestone insists F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds.
Portland Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song for the richest fight of all time.
Pacquiao thanked Kimmel on Twitter and in a video.
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
The emotional reunion was caught on camera, with Nina Louise happily greeting Morris and her husband.
A Brisbane man has forked out nearly $4000 for a written message in the sky.
The aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses.
People took to Twitter to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
Skywriting Services Australia usually charges $3990 for up to 10 letters or characters.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims.
Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq.
She brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012.
The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality.
One of them, The S&M Man, describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
The 21-year-old kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives.
Depay signed his first professional contract in June 2012.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
Tax adviser was found on third-floor balcony of neighboring Michelangelo Hotel.
He was pronounced dead at the scene and NYPD is treating death as suicide.
Mr Hodgett, from Birmingham, West Midlands, worked for Ernst and Young.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina has been viewed more than half a million times online.
The video shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
Social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the Bogged Facebook page.
A man stormed the runway at Ellery's show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
He was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
Elliys show was the first time Gemma Ward has walked at MBFWA since before her six-year hiatus from modeling.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
The chamber sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath the supervolcanic and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km)
It is believed to have been
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years.
He crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat.
The journey took him through Australia, New Zealand, Europe, India, the US and Canada - though he said the highlight was the Andes mountains.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide.
The Husky was wearing a collar when he was picked up on Monday.
He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the train arrived at the Waller crossing, 87 kilometers from the end of the 'Hell of the North' race.
SNCF have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached.
One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a team photo shoot for Surrey.
The batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the photo.
Surrey are set to begin their campaign at Glamorgan on April 19.
Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Mr Hornby was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Facinet Keita, 31, was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics.
He lost to an opponent from the Pacific island of Guam within five minutes.
After three months sleeping rough, he handed himself in to authorities.
While there he made two requests for asylum, both of which were rejected.
But he was released in March 2014 and has since been coaching judo in Stoke.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
The Juventus goalkeeper has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
Buffon has also played with Lionel Messi, Roberto Baggio and Paolo Maldini.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
With a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes.
Perks include Dom Perignon Champagne for non-Muslim guests, a non-alcoholic sparkling date drink for Muslim guests.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months.
12 of the cases resulted in pilots requesting a priority landing.
One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency call.
Figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names in the UK.
Americans favour distinctively prominent royal names, with the top three being Diana at 19 per cent and Elizabeth and Victoria at 12 per cent.
The popularity of the name Elizabeth is most likely derived from the name of the current queen, Elizabeth II.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday.
He has chronicled conflicts in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.
Gittoes says it's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award.
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
U.N. reports at least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, returned home from their honeymoon in Puerto Rico on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight.
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo.
Hayatou is a FIFA vice president and now an ally of Blatter after failing to unseat him in 2002.
Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
There have been 5,080 flight cancellations so far this year compared to 4,239 in 2014.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
EasyJet has experienced a 19% increase in cancellations.
Trevor Vale posted a five-minute video on his social media account on Tuesday.
The Geelong man was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne.
He was frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs.
Mr Vale said he is inspired by his wife's service overseas and is proud of her efforts to protect her country.
A Royal Night Out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, is first cousin to the Queen and her best friend.
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren's names.
But it became infected and she was left with a gruesome black hole in her leg.
She had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week.
Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program.
Neyens has suffered from kidney disease for most of her 53-year marriage to Bill.
On the day of Neyen's transplant, eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants.
Noelle Baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door.
The 61-year-old's dogs started to eat her remains after being locked in the house for days.
Pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs ate parts of her vital organs.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
When it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their son Dan walking down the red carpet.
Eitan immediately starts running toward his son, who had been in Afghanistan since November, as Dan jogs toward his father.
Yaphank, Long Island, was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics.
Camp Siegfried was founded in 1935 by the American Nazi group, the German American Bund.
The Bund in Yaphank organized military demonstrations where they waved both the American and Nazi flags.
The cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Alternatively, those who do not have a cat, can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room.
All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Carole Middleton and nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo are on standby.
Pippa Middleton, 31, will be close at hand when the baby arrives.
Carole is expected to spend more time at Anmer Hall in Norfolk.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
Nasa's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on Mars by the 2030s.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000.
The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women.
Last year, the award went to The Washington Post and The Guardian for their coverage of National Security Agency documents leaked by Edward J. Snowden.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage visited hinge factory in Clacton, Essex.
He met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity, 62, who spoke no English.
Mr Farage was quick to insist he did not want to send EU migrants home.
Ukip MP Douglas Carswell hopes to hold the seat he won after defecting.
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
The couple's £10m Grade-II listed Berkshire abode will undergo renovations including the addition of a home cinema and swimming pool.
Property insider Ben Hubbard, an asset manager at OracleAMG, believes that the home cinema trend is growing.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak, Israel.
He has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images.
One of the most striking images is that of a rabbi dancing the'mitzvah tantz' at a wedding.
According to the Jewish holy Torah, it is prohibited to touch a woman to whom you are not married.
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
The Queen rode her filly Ring of Truth at Newbury today.
The 88-year-old monarch appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers.
Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post.
She had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances.
Mike Ashley has agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea for £200million.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club in the north east.
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values' for not attending.
Wade, 23, did not attend a fundraising event for the Matt Hampson Foundation.
The event was named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Findings suggest women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott have failed to impress in the first Test.
Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century.
Trott was very much in the mould of South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round.
Provodnikov landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth.
Jose Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
The Brazilian has been substituted or named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday.
The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in Brazil.
Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
Schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting.
two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world.
famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264.
Others.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on.
whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for.
his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015.
marathon takes place.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Police and WorkCover NSW are investigating the incident.
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development.
Archway asked a judge to quash Communities Secretary Eric Pickles' decision to confirm the CPO on the grounds that it was 'unlawful and invalid'
The Metal Works was denied permission to appeal but they were allowed to directly ask Court of Appeal judges to reconsider the case.
Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane in
Supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers.
From miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Andy Jordan shot to fame as Ollie Proudlock on Made In Chelsea.
He has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called Jam Industries.
Andy stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London.
The reality TV star also co-owns a surf school in Devon.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts.
When he tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
His wife Bonnie, 67, posted the video on Facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times.
Leslie Cooper, 36, charged with murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut.
Pilot was alerted to potential loss of cabin pressure.
Three passengers began to complain of dizzyness and three lost consciousness.
Plane plunged 30,000 feet in just eight minutes before landing in Buffalo.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya.
She failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days.
The 13-year-old wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
She added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage 'whichever way possible'
Peter Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
The bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across border in Ukraine.
Co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Despite freeze in ties that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
Police have not yet officially identified the couple, but friends say they were the owners of a local excavating company.
Pest control company Mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott.
The post was accompanied by the caption: 'Even a nasty bug like me can sense it's been a sad week for our great country.I'm putting my vest out to support ‪#‎putyourdressout‬. Enjoy this Sunday with your family. It's precious'
Ms Scott was due to marry her partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday.
The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent.
But bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats.
The betting market is pointing to another hung Parliament but with the Tories as the largest party.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds.
He prunes and guides the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister at Auschwitz.
She says seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'
Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder.
Prosecutors argue his role sorting prisoners' stolen valuables helped the death camp function.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez’s Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Pacquiao and Lopez, star of the sitcom Saved By The Bell, know each other from training at the same gym in Los Angeles.
Birmingham topped league table for highest number of rat exterminations.
London Borough of Southwark has most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs.
Newcastle is most pest-infested place in the country with 5% of residents calling in pest inspectors.
North Lanarkshire residents most likely to report problems with wasps.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
One result has been a coziness with the U.S. government's executive branch that few other companies can match – marked by access for lobbyists, mentions in nearly half of Obama's State of the Union addresses.
Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in 2013.
Decades before, in 1985, Colleen shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer conceded a third minute penalty to give his side an early 1-0 lead.
Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma put the penalty past Neuer with just three minutes on the clock.
Pep Guardiola's team were also missing balance, cohesion and an ability to defend properly.
Manny Pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts on May 2.
The Filipino boxer will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas.
There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99.
Fans can also buy a shirt in the colours black or white.
Activity in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande from McAllen, Texas, ground to a halt on Friday afternoon after vehicles were torched and shooting began.
Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured, the Tamaulipas state government said in a statement.
Earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured 'El Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel.
David Curry, 49, was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth.
He was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing £40 Adidas trousers.
Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, study finds.
This increases the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age, study found.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, reduced heart disease risk factors, better memory and thinking, and lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names.
'Alhough Destiny's Child is made up of the three ladies, Beyoncé's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well,' a source close to the group reveals.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team.
The flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.
Saracens take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's Miss BumBum competition.
She launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
Claims she has'revealed who she truly is' by posting racy picture.
Image was accompanied with prayer which read: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Ms Alende claims she has been left'shocked and ashamed' by risqué stunt.
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Doctors have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea.
He was sentenced to life in prison in 1972 and was 30 years old at the time.
Davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
The parole board cited those accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in March last year.
Gov. Jerry Brown rejected that decision in August, saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings
Robbie Fowler has named his Legends XI for his 40th birthday.
The Liverpool and FIFA 15 Ultimate Team Legend has picked his XI.
Fowler names five of the best Premier League strikers of all time.
Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, tipped the scales at 70st at his heaviest.
He shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of excess skin.
The former postman wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off.
Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
David Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
The claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
Ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation.
It will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames.
Sheikh has business interests including Godolphin horseracing stables.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Congress has been on spring recess for two weeks and lawmakers are set to return to work Monday.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
The Brit beat the Czech at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Premier League matches against QPR and Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo was sentenced to death for murdering his family in Oregon.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, has been released.
It is based on the relationship he built with shamed journalist Mike Finkel.
Finkel, played by James Franco, says Longo is 'despicable to the core'
Porto beat Bayern Munich 2-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored for the hosts.
Pep Guardiola says his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui says they can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car.
Video shows Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him.
Slager was fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder on Tuesday.
A group of black attorneys have called for the second officer connected to the fatal shooting to be arrested.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past.
She had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The aspiring designer was mortally wounded and taken to hospital.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police are investigating the shooting but have yet to make any arrests.
PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep.
The gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb alongside the words, 'here's the rest of your wool coat'
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
Marian Carole Rees disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in April 1975.
The 13-year-old was last seen leaving for school with her friend Tanya Davenport.
She jumped up to say she had forgotten something and got off the bus.
It is believed that she may have been running away from her mother Margaret and her two siblings John and Joanne due to her mother's drinking.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents.
According to a Freedom of Information request by the Daily Mirror, at least 80,000, 105mm artillery shells were fired at Taliban positions.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight.
She was pounced on by the Jack Russell which bit her face.
The toddler was left with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings with the Magpies.
John O'Shea wants a fifth straight derby win against Newcastle.
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20-45 years in jail for killing Francesca Weatherhead.
Mrs Weatherhead, 25, was killed when he collided with her vehicle while fleeing police.
McCallum had been paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.
At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and an embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor.
Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded.
Earlier today, the 25-year-old was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
The Nottingham world champion pulled out with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday.
Froch would be open to travelling to America to fight Chavez.
The Hollywood siren called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £500,000 per year.
The apartment boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room.
It is a short walk from Harrods and Hyde Park and boasts a total of five bedrooms and five bathrooms.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Cheshire, used to snack on discounted junk food.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
By the age of 16, Leanne was already a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends so she swapped nights out with staying in wearing sweat pants.
In December 2013, she weighed 19st 3lb and went shopping for a new dress but broke down in tears when she couldn't fit into the store's size 24.
Leanne joined Weight Watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight.
Juventus have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for Paulo Dybala.
The Palermo striker has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday.
Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
It said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
PomeGreat 'Super Juice' had 12.1g - more than the amount in a can of Coca-Cola.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube.
The uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male.
Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
The video is part of TfL's Project Guardian initiative, launched two years ago.
Aldi has increased its share of the premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of lucrative market, which is worth £490million.
But Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco, offering cheaper prices.
It's another chapter in the rise of discounters who are slowly stealing market share.
Rory McIlroy persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in his foundations tournament.
US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down from May 28-31.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home on Monday.
Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
The boy's mother then found him in the car some time later.
Shane Dunn, 25, stabbed Ian Garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting him on Grindr.
Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, left Mr Garrod in fear of his life.
He then fled from the property with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Judge Jeremy Carey told Dunn he had narrowly decided against finding him dangerous, which would have led to an extended sentence.
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan will take on native opposition in Maiquetia.
The Belfast boys are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016.
Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and Conlan is a two-time Olympic medallist.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake.
Chairman of the Hampshire Police Federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
Referee Lee Mason did not award a penalty for the Magpies.
Neville believes Mason's perfect positioning should have led him to make the correct call.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found the following Friday.
The 26-year-old was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
Her fiancée, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday.
Ms Scott's father Robert says he has contemplated the afterlife since Ms Scott's shocking death, but is confident that his daughter is in 'the best possible place'
It comes after local Leeton parents expressed anger over the loss of their children's 'f
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Newcastle are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
Dick Advocaat has hinted he is working on a six-game rescue plan.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
They stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV from a house in Birmingham.
Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers.
Forensic experts discovered Lundie's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime.
The criminals were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for Trust's staff, branding materials, PR advice.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet confirmed to People on Wednesday that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch, 34, is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies.
He has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison.
Former friend says he is making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said of his wardrobe malfunction.
Bayern Munich host Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side are favourites to win the competition again.
Real Madrid will be without Luka Modric after a late win over Atletico Madrid.
Juventus have a solid defence, with Leonardo Bonucci, Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini.
Video features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage.
Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip all singing the same tune on cuts, public services.
The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition.
Flight 271 from Paris to Newark was diverted to Boston on Wednesday.
Passengers complained of nausea and possible minor injuries.
Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at Logan Airport in Boston.
Delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard.
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the 'Man with No Shame' after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
New royal baby could be clad in eco-friendly biodegradable mull-cloth.
Pippa Middleton is said to have bought the nappies for her niece or nephew.
Yoomi's self-warming bottle promises to warm a baby's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds.
Koo-di's spout protector protects against bumps, with heat spots that change colour to indicate temperature.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait.
The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park.
Vunipula's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday.
Temperatures are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Snow and ice are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
Comes after Britain enjoyed one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded in Kent on April 15.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams said we need to consider the type of food before picking something up off the floor and eating it.
Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta.
More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year, with 31,920 hospitalisations and 82 deaths.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.
All those in the study had older siblings.
Some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately'
Other listings in the more than $100,000 total include a night with Reid at the W hotel in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which cost $832.
George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office.
In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him.
Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara.
They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple.
It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Mr Cameron told the audience the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
It follows a conservation ‘success story’ that raised numbers to 90,000.
But experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds'
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo.
Mayweather is currently training for his $300m mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid.
The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece.
But it was a different story before the game as Ronaldo expressed his concern after his shot hit a young supporter.
After completing his warm-up routine Ronaldo went over to the touchline and lifted off his training shirt.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for Cech, and would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the Emirates.
Czech Republic international Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Thibaut Courtois.
The August 1 exhibition will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation.
The game will take place at the Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg.
More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists for NHS work.
Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients.
Campaigners said the payments were ‘scandalous’ and ‘unacceptable’
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursday’s management board meeting.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour and has worked closely in the past with chairman-elect Colin Graves at Yorkshire.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart have both registered their interest.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear collection.
The lingerie and loungewear collection is priced between £14 and £85.
Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
The 23-year-old is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
Grealish has been in the same predicament as Jenkinson when he had to choose between Finland and England.
Bentleys and Porsches more likely to break down than cheaper cars.
List price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old assessed on failure rate.
Most reliable models were Honda Jazz and Mitsubishi Lancer.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’
Redknapp left the club in February citing knee problems.
But Sandro has defended the former manager, saying he is not at fault.
Sean Goss levelled the scoreline for Manchester United in the 32nd minute.
Harry Panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes.
Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury.
Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent.
He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
It was only when Mason pleaded guilty in September that the case against them was dropped at the Old Bailey.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud.
New book claims he put pressure on Israeli model to sleep with him.
He is said to have met dealer Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively.
They wait for the trainer's command before getting into position.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for him to say 'one'
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes'
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-finals in 1989.
Brown was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken that saw the Celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart.
It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
While in the UK the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion.
Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan have been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Wisconsin beat Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
Frank Kaminsky scored 20 points and 11 rebounds for the Badgers.
Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since 1975-76.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
But he and his wife Kate have been told they are not eligible.
They say they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
Mr Hand, a credit manager for a tool hire firm, earns between £25,000 and £35,000.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
'Climate change can no longer be denied,' he
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Kenny Bayless will referee the fight, billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.
The 64-year-old has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights.
Oscar De La Hoya believes Mayweather will benefit from the appointment.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder is poised to sign on July 9 when he turns 16.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona winger Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions.
The self-described 'body-positive' blogger has posted photos of herself wearing the brand's lingerie to illustrate the problem.
Lane Bryant insists its campaign is diverse and represents 'the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself'
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other in a vicious scrap.
The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller in Thixendale, North Yorkshire.
Despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but had all of his personal identification stolen.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
After the amazing discovery, he said: 'I just managed on my own'
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone.
She was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
As she stopped the car, the teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot.
Garcia has been charged with child abuse for the incident.
Salford City won Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
They won't be playing local rivals FC United of Manchester next season.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield.
Wolves and Brentford are both beaten if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy with victory against Coventry.
Judy Murray was on the sidelines when Andy and Kim had their first dance.
The former Strictly Come Dancing star left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix House Hotel, following their wedding at Dunblane Cathedral in the afternoon.
As Judy’s mother, Shirley Erskine, 80, left the venue, she admitted the wedding of Andy, 27, had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'
England withdrew from the Victory Shield for Under 16s.
FA chairman Greg Dyke told Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland that they wanted to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics.
The FA say they have kept the tournament organisers in the loop and only revised their plans after Sky Sports cut their title sponsorship.
Champion jockey and Arsenal fan Tony McCoy will be honoured at the Emirates Stadium when his schedule next allows him to watch the Gunners.
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats.
Footage showed Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him.
He then turned his gun on the other which ran off.
The horrified owner, Carla Gloger, appeared moments later and shouted at the officer: 'They're not even vicious'
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters.
The world number one is aiming to complete his grand slam of majors.
McIlroy is hoping to emulate the likes of Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Wander on the Isle of Wight and visit the Cotswolds Olimpicks.
Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival are the world's third-largest fringe festivals.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of Champions League.
Roy Keane described Luiz as looking 'lost' following his woeful performance.
Luiz admitted that his side got what they deserved across both legs.
Frank Abagnale was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can.
The conman turned fraud expert has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
He has written three books on the nature of fraud and has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ‘battle’
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a town hall meeting.
The state's largest teacher's union is calling him out for his 'bullying' behavior.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
The complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs.
At its height, NORAD watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
Her mom, Anna Moser, said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovery.
Giles opened her eyes earlier this month.
Though she is still nonverbal, Moser believes her daughter hears her.
Zbigniew Huminski was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe.
The 38-year-old was on his way to England from Calais when he struck.
His lawyer Antoine Deguines said he did not offer a word of remorse.
He said: 'He did not speak to the judge, as his right'
Hundreds of people are expected to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday.
Light general aviation aircraft approaches Aero Acres residential airpark.
Plane touches down without landing gear and skidded along runway on belly.
Video maker says plane's propellers have been damaged in collision with runway.
Pilot Chris Georgaklis, 85, managed to fly 100 miles to Fort Lauderdale.
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Sarah Reign, 26, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.
She says fans love to watch her enjoying food; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter.
Her new career has also led her to the world of'squashing', where men pay her to sit on them when she meets them in person.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-0 at Turf Moor to move further clear of Manchester City.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for the Gunners with a header.
Burnley defender Santi Cazorla equalised for Arsenal with a free-kick.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'" and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police.
Video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible.
Police say they shot him with an'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
Survey of 1,000 people by YouNeedaBudget.com found 64 per cent of adults think they spend more when they shop with friends.
The main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy'
Nearly half of participants blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement.
Nearly two-thirds of Americans admit they would prefer to shop by themselves.
Manchester City want more English players in their starting line-up.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling.
Arsenal have spent £80million on Samir Nasri, Bacary Sagna, Emmanuel Adebayor, Kolo Toure and Gael Clichy.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke full back Christian Fuchs.
The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Austria international Fuchs is vastly experienced and renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Despite Elliot's best efforts, Gemma keeps licking away.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the Nazi commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins have an unusually refined palate for four-year-olds.
Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
The pair had bought MDMA from an anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May over the deaths.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Oleg Kalashnikov was a former member of the Ukrainian parliament.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds.
It did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne.
He referred to air stewardesses as'sweethearts' while in character as Dapper Laughs.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member she was 'gagging for a rape'
O'Reilly resurrected his ‘ultimate lad’ character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Former England batsman has been linked with a return to the national side.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara.
There are three fights coming up where the winner could work for Froch.
Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham.
Raheem Sterling unveiled Liverpool's new home kit at Anfield on Friday.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance.
Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the Centenary Stand.
New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
John O'Connor said the fire and the raid could be linked.
The former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad said it was 'too much of a coincidence'
He added: 'You're gonna have to have a detailed layout of the whole of the business'
Firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn just 500 metres from the raid site.
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with handles facing outwards.
A recent ranking of the top 10 airports for baggage handling saw the Japanese airport take top honours.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday.
Charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempted to use a weapon of mass destruction.
Booker, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley.
He was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
It is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer.
Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about a new contract.
The 31-year-old striker is making contingency plans in case he leaves.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School.
Used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing.
He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at Land O'Lakes Detention Center.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits.
Figures come just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to A&Es are unnecessary.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is'shutting down debate' in schools.
Teachers fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share opinions.
They also claim young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects.
NUT general secretary Christine Blower said there is a need keep a'safe space'
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year old woman following the drug bust in Katherine on Sunday.
Police pulled over an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway just before 1pm.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, discovered the note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'You should be ashamed! When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Harley's mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with the heartfelt message: 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny'
The search for Joe and Jenny continues.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
Prosecutors say the parents, both of Cincinnati, could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
Billy Spears posed for the photo with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Since Spears was only reprimanded with counseling, DPS does not view the penalty as a formal disciplinary action.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
The 27-year-old has been in brilliant form for United this season.
Courtois feels Eden Hazard will double the PFA Player of the Year award.
Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The 19-year-old impressed in the Merseyside derby in February.
Brendan Rodgers will include him in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined for the last two games.
Baltimore Orioles beat Boston Red Sox in ten innings at Camden Yards on Saturday night.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse after hours of peaceful protests.
Violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows.
At least two people have been injured and twelve protesters were arrested, according to police.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
Will hail 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
The bodies of four people, including two young boys under the age of ten, were discovered in a Tulsa, Oklahoma home on Wednesday afternoon.
The unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds.
Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect.
Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final this week.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
The Brazil defender says Barcelona are'very effective on the counterattack'
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
Messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface at 2.4 miles per second (3.9km/s)
Hibernian would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules.
Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell.
Issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Jade Ruthven, 33, has been sharing endless pictures and statuses about her baby daughter on Facebook.
Her friends wrote her a scathing letter demanding she stop.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web.
The only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
The Tottenham winger followed up his goal by hitting Twitter.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad.
Mary Doyle Keefe, 92, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Rockwell wanted 'Rosie' to show strength, so he used artistic licence to make her arms, hands and shoulders bigger.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
'I work hard to get the body I have, so why not show off what I’ve got?' says the athlete.
Bath were beaten 18-15 by Leinster in the Aviva Premiership quarter-final.
Bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half George Ford and captain Stuart Hooper.
England star Anthony Watson believes the pain of Bath's European Champions Cup exit can be a driving force.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie.
They are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Nigel Farage has vowed to stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to win seat.
A private poll put the Conservatives on course to retain Thanet South by a small margin.
But Ukip MEP Diane James insists the party would carry on if Farage left.
She said: 'We've got a very, very high-calibre of individuals within Ukip'
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk.
She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket.
Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's family.
The boy's mother was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped.
Danny Ings' contract at Burnley expires in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
The incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team’s training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
The eagle is captured standing over a football before giving it a peck with its beak.
After the ball rolls away the boys from the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
He spotted a friend waiting for a bus and shouted 'watch this'
He sped down road and overtook cars'recklessly' before crashing into cyclist.
Great-grandfather Alan Knight, 64, died instantly from his injuries at the scene.
Hamilton admitted causing death by dangerous driving, driving without a license and driving without insurance.
Police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jon Jones on Monday.
They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash.
Jones handed himself in later the same day, with TMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
According to the warrant, the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver Buick SUV.
The woman's arm is in a sling and she will get a cast on Tuesday.
A reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards will be recorded.
A row is developing over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Leicester face Swansea at home on Saturday and Burnley at Everton.
The Foxes have won back-to-back matches in the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in the chase for survival.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in Burnley.
A young English cricket fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
She noted that although the area stunk of death, there were strangely no flies or maggots around.
Wildlife experts who studied the skeleton told Fox News the bones appear to be from a young dog.
The legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in Puerto Rico, where many local farmers claimed to have seen the animal after finding their livestock had been killed.
Borussia Dortmund beat Paderborn 2-0 at Signal Iduna Park on Saturday.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored for the home side.
The win moves Dortmund to within three points of sixth-place Augsburg.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
The one-handed shot traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court.
Just before the shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
A man from central Queensland has been charged with torture.
Another man went to Bundaberg Hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns.
A 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock is due to appear in court on Monday.
The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-final on June 6.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last eight of the competition.
Barcelona and Bayern Munich are both better teams than Juventus or Real Madrid.
Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derbyshire as part of election campaign.
He was filmed asking year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election.
Labour MP was stunned by the statement, which Ukip claimed shows the schoolboy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'
But she added: 'I do personally support an Australian points system'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Blood covered the boat which was anchored off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing.
The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit.
The toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
She slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware.
The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week.
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it'
Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer.
Smith revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood yesterday.
The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour.
Half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under 18.
Harassment can range from “insults to other intimidating behaviour”
Six out of ten women were afraid of being attacked on public transport.
Jia Jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest.
Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
The crucial point is that rejection is unavoidable and it’s how we respond to it.
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
Brand urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives.
While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.
Days later, after her vision became blurred, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina.
Mr Gupta scanned the patient's retina, using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography (OCT)
He said the retina does not conduct electricity well, suggesting the injury was caused by the heat produced when the bolt struck.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
She helped him break out of Lake Region Correctional Center, North Dakota.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from celebrity Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year.
Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'
Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showing off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was filmed drinking prison hooch in a video shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract.
Swiel spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
The 21-year-old made 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a University of South Carolina student who can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
She started learning to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates at her all-girls school told her she looked like the Grammy winner.
Now she performs with Legends in Concert, a concert series that includes artists impersonating the likes of Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, and Tim McGraw.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in Bangkok.
The Melbourne hairdresser is a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 Instagram followers.
She has been sharing pictures and videos since her arrival in Thailand for the procedure on social media.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee made emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility.
But she was told only available appointment was in 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Dentist apparently removed Attley from her arms - without permission.
One even offered to halt treatment and return when she was finished.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for staying too long in a car park.
He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable.
But appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing the judges of being 'out of touch'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
A leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK'
Another said his behaviour showed that he was an 'ignorant clown'
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday.
She is accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, 18.
Prosecutors claim Carter texted Roy minutes before he killed himself.
Carter's lawyers say she was trying to help Roy, who had previously tried to commit suicide over a year earlier.
District Attorney Thomas Quinn has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife while they were in Europe.
The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad, ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were hospitalized after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in McComb, Mississippi.
Siblings were placed in medically-induced comas and put on life support.
Now, they are facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues.
Their mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke the drug, which is more toxic than cannabis.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's rapidly growing, yet unregulated, gestational surrogacy industry.
During her time working on the Outsourcing Embryos documentary, Gianna learned that surrogacy in India is a multi-million dollar business.
In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000, and Gianna explained that 'the reoccurring theme' when speaking with American agents and experts about couples hiring surrogates is money.
Women who agree to be surrogates at Dr Nayna Patel's Akanksha Infertility Clinic have to live at
Kyle Iveson, 24, demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, 54.
He attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice.
But she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Gunners boss was concerned over Theo Walcott's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test.
If they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at it in one of two ways.
England can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home.
But a position of strength is often a good one from which to take a long hard look at yourself and say ‘how can we improve?’
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls have been kidnapped by Boko Haram.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families.
Rent posh private apartments in some of the world’s most glamorous cities.
Airbnb.com claims 800,000 listings in towns and cities worldwide.
Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at Medway Magistrates' Court.
They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist.
The Icelandic actress, 27, said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
Turner, 31, is 'completely baffled' by the level of interest in his physique.
Hundreds of viewers have taken to Twitter to marvel at his strapping form.
Number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in Willesden, North London.
Prime Minister insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
Comes as Michael Gove claims Christians are being dismissed with condescension.
Church provoked row with ministers by publishing guide to how Christians should 'approach General Election'
Bishops insist it was not targeted at any particular party.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
The 24-year-old was a member of a gang responsible for selling drugs.
Officers seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents, and equipment used for drug dealing.
Rafa Benitez guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005.
The Spaniard won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving his car into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester.
Totton, who survived a gangland assassination attempt in 2006, tried to claim the attack was meant as a joke.
But a judge ruled that it was a 'prank' and he didn't mean to intimidate anyone.
He was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from driving for three years.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week.
But the Irish pair aren't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers - and the celebrity world is no exception.
Among the more unlikely pairings is Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, who stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in Spain.
Mr Yuan was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
The women have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat.
Order was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
Order is one of the only copies of Doenitz's dispatch known to exist today.
It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
The 33-year-old skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere.
A man has been identified as Chris Blowes.
The 26-year-old is fighting for his life in hospital after being mauled by a Great White shark.
Shocked witnesses said the shark was swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near Right Point on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park.
He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries but has been airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback.
Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future.
The Slovakian used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars.
He estimated how the constellations will change between.
Results suggest that many of the most distinctive stars will become almost unrecognisable and some may need to be renamed entirely.
Half of hospitals are letting patients jump NHS queues for cataract surgery.
Some are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for obese adults.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone.
The accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The latest analysis was conducted by Dr Cajus Diedrich from the Paleo-Logic Independent Institute of Geosciences.
He took a look at several ‘musical instruments’ that had been attributed to Neanderthals.
Neanderthals may have created and worn the world's first jewellery 130,000 years ago, according to scientists.
FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.
The 5,000-capacity stadium cost around £6.5m.
It will be the first pollinator-friendly football ground in the country.
General manager Andy Walsh says the club are ambitious for progress.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
The 44-year-old driver of the SUV, who allegedly has a history of seizures, was driving approximately 20 mph over the speed limit.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident.
She told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye.
Lennon, who is on loan to Everton, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month.
Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Kathie Lee Gifford said on Today that she
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life.
Fey has won eight Emmy awards for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $70,790 (£47,000) on StubHub.
Super-ringside tickets costing $10,000 (£6,600) were not released for public sale with several reports suggesting those seats would exchange hands on the 'black market'
Proceeds from the ticket sales will go to charity.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone.
At his largest he would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them.
His wife Debbie, also 56, dropped 8st and lost a combined weight of 29st.
Tony's weight became more and more of a danger to his health.
The video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups.
He then rotates through the various hairstyles.
The man initially uploaded the video to Reddit and claims to be have been influenced by Japanese comics.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.
He exclaims: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
It’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.
The 37-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest at scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Her death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
North Manchester General and the Royal Oldham Hospital called in independent experts to review its maternity units after the spate of 10 deaths in the eight-month period from December 2013 to July last year.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.
It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
Mission will take place in two parts, and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission.
Alice Dreger attended sex education class at East Lansing High School.
She tweeted out horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
School has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it was that day's lesson.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle scored his second international goal in his third cap.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits club 'dream of Falcao Garcia'
Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
The 29-year-old has scored just four Premier League goals.
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of jail or having to register as a sex offender.
When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today'
But she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Olivia Grant was staying at the Sri Panwa resort in Phuket.
The resort features a series of minimalist villas with surround-sound systems.
Each villa has their own saltwater private infinity pool overlooking Andaman Sea.
Villa co-ordinator Pim immediately apologised for increased security.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire, fell at the final hurdle to take the win.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
He said: 'It really shows the level our society has been infiltrated'
Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and no longer held those views.
A fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named Simon Cowell.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell travelling to the cub’s location in his car.
He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes.
Mr Cowell manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
Juan Mata has scored two goals in his last five games for Manchester United.
The Spaniard was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
He began the season believing United could win the league this year with no European commitments.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital in Battle, Sussex.
Her family were under the impression she planned to sell the house.
But the 92-year-old's family allowed charity Age UK to clear it out.
She returned to find the house empty and her possessions gone.
The great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family.
Age UK have apologised and said it has reviewed its procedures.
Gemma Collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex has seven new curves.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses.
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
The value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
Product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault.
Energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target.
He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Her return to action sets up a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson.
Michael Rogan, 42, died early on Friday after the accident near Cleveland, Wisconsin.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses.
Within three days almost $190,000 has been raised.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
AP McCoy finished third in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
McCoy was presented with the Champion Jockey Trophy by Ian Wright.
The 40-year-old is an Arsenal fanatic.
Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Almonds are high in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin.
Walnuts have also been shown to help protect against heart disease.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Kim Sei-young shot a three-under-par 69 on day three of the ANA Inspiration.
South Korean led by two shots at halfway stage at Mission Hills Country Club.
The 22-year-old is in good spirits as she chases her first LPGA major victory.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance move on Instagram.
The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury.
Liverpool face Newcastle in their next Premier League game.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the off-season program.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013.
He spent two full seasons training with noted throwing coach Tom House, who also worked with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private funeral in Sydney.
The 84-year-old was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people.
His wife Daphne kept the details of where and when his service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral, which Mrs Benaud politely declined.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway.
The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging.
Greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Ross Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at Goodison Park.
James McCarthy believes Barkley is capable of handling the pressure.
Everton secured a 1-0 victory over Southampton courtesy of captain Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February.
Her daughters, Alexa, Julia and Alexa Brody, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012.
The World Cup followed in 2010 and now it seems the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters.
Juan Bernat's arrival to the Champions League quarter-final earned Valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the full back's move to Bavaria.
Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for the 11-year-old continues.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Sagan Tosu defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on Mu Kanazaki's face.
The 23-year-old is believed to have deliberately committed the foul.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are third in the Premier League table.
United are eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool in the table.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
The video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on Facebook, with one commenter musing: 'Heavy bags need big muscles'
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head on Easter Sunday in front of stunned hotel guests at the MGM Studio B Buffet.
In a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Noble said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free buffet pass.
He also included a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse'
In the letter, Noble blames the women he blames for having him banned from the casino and the buffet.
'Today, I end my life due to the M Resort Spa Casino and its employees,' said
Danny Alexander was pictured with Brooke Magnanti at the Nip festival.
The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday.
Comes as David Cameron faces growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' campaign.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
The Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart.
McGregor has also revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open in July.
Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
The Champion Golfers' Challenge will be played on the first, second, 17th and 18th on the eve of the championship.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall.
He applied for the role after eight years as a fireman, training as an emergency first responder, and completing a PCSO course.
Devon and Cornwall assistant chief constable Paul Netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from her home in Chatham, Kent, to join ISIS.
She is believed to have been filmed leading an all-women brigade in Syria.
The mother-of-two is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants.
Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first'real evidence' that Jones is involved with the brigade at a 'high level'
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
Talley was born May 23, 1899 and credits her long life to her faith.
Kefalonia is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
Great forests of pines, cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides, often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at Dover.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to Rangers after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season.
McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by billionaire Bernard Arnault.
Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
Louis van Gaal made a number of changes to his starting line-up.
Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Video footage shows Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
Two Ryanair planes collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport.
Passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses to arrive.
The Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs.
Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution, but were not needed.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
If he wants out, I’m sure the club will handle it the way they have before.
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to nursery.
She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
It was not clear whether this was Crossland - or her mother Susan Crossland.
Crossland was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts said the investigation is being refined and the picture is getting'sharper and sharper'
Gray died on Sunday, April 19, after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' while in police custody.
Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac.
Men should not drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay.
Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Rep Darrell Issa asked Secretary of State about use of personal email.
But she didn't answer until Clinton had left the department in 2013.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Luke is described as being of medium build, about 150cm tall with olive skin, brown hair and brown eyes.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters next week.
Woods shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round.
Justin Rose is four shots off the pace and in contention.
Documents compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber.
They include flightplan, eyewitness account of bombing and log books.
Expected to fetch £26,000 in two lots when they go under the hammer.
Also for sale are Lewis's unofficial eye-witness account of the Hiroshima mission.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday.
Court records show he had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a court judge.
His last payment was only in 2012, and he was shot dead.
Scott Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence, but failed to turn up.
He rifled through his 22-year-old victim's pockets and stole the iPhone 4.
The next morning the victim's body was discovered close to a playground.
Post mortem examination revealed he had died from hypothermia.
Stephenson was re-bailed for the sentence - which will be arranged by court.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby Wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole.
'He said if I ever tried to take his daughter away from him that he would kill me,' Casey said.
Tipu Sultan was shot dead outside Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The 32-year-old was originally from Bangladesh and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and wearing dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area.
Police believe Mr Sultan was targeted deliberately and are appealing for information.
Unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Earlier this week SpaceX has released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Lionel Messi will lead the line for Barcelona against PSG on Wednesday.
Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable'
Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The 49-year-old has previously coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart.
Labbadia returns to Hamburg for a second spell after coaching the club for one season in 2009-10.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery.
Among them were pieces up to 3,500 years old.
The collection is expected to fetch up to £20,000 at Bonhams auction house.
Howard was Kingsley Amis' second wife and they married in 1965.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot.
Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
And if its air vents are blocked, it alerts the user to warn them the temperature in their phone needs to be corrected.
Or, the phone can use Optimal's battery as a backup.
The case will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, Nexus, HTC & Xperia phones.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes for the Gunners.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past Matt Macey.
Alex Iwobi equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and will appear before magistrates.
Ms Cahill and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013.
Garry Monk's Swansea are currently in eighth place in the Premier League.
The Swans have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12.
Monk's side travel to Hull City on Saturday.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
Dixon said she is now finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed.
On Tuesday, Georgia students are required to take a standardized test.
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across a motorway yesterday.
He leaned on the controls before driving it on to the M74 near Abington.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Despite considerable damage, Don escaped unhurt.
Traffic Scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.
In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
His letter was called ‘We’re not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto’ in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost $89.95 (£60.70)
US viewers will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch the fight in Las Vegas.
The price represents almost a 40 per cent increase on the previous high of $64.95 ($43.83) for the fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013.
It is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by that fight in 2013.
Manchester City beat United 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney revealed that United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield.
Rooney also revealed that City fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone.
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
Was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls'
Says Cambridge Weight Plan taught her how to eat like a normal person.
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester.
He faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court.
The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on state schools system.
Comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date, after David Cameron spectacularly met his pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands.
Benidorm is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status.
It is famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky.
But the brash British holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station, say those pushing for its membership to the world's most exclusive culture club.
Ellie Laing hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains.
The SBS news reporter was quoted in an article by The Australian.
Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network.
While Carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards, many of the journalists hired since his appointment have fit the above bill.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
NAD found that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated.
The ads all ended with Lowe saying: 'Don't be like this me — Get rid of cable and upgrade to DirecTV'
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at separately from his domestic violence history.
The ESPN anchor said that he understood why Cari Champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence.
The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a Dominican woman in her late 30s.
She invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign.
Stars in Victoria's Secret's new Dream Angels range.
The underwear comes in blush pink tones and classic, crisp whites.
Candice recently appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor before the tournament.
Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and used to have a surgery in Redcar.
A service of thanksgiving will take place on Wednesday April 8.
Adam Johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with a child.
The 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket.
Her friend who gave it to her, however, has since died.
So she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend, who has not been named.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980.
But they made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.
About 50% of black immigrant population hail from the Caribbean.
Immigrants from Central and South America account for most of the remaining population.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004.
In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband, or embarrassed by the media coverage – or both.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza will join Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical.
He will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust.
His ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to find she also had the STD.
Stuart burst onto the Jeremy Kyle Show to deny the claim.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a Texas juvenile detention center in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA.
New attention to the case has brought forward a potential suspect, as well. John Chesson, who is already in prison for an unrelated murder, is named as a person of interest.
Parents struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many parents use their child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future.
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested.
Chris Ramsey believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road.
Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 will marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Murray will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend.
Survation survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had sympathy.
Six out of ten strongly condemned those, such as Jihadi John, who have joined ISIS.
One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims.
Survation found that one-third felt Islam was 'compatible' with British values.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
Catalans hit back to lead 8-6 - with scrum-half Scott Dureau bagging all of their points.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson, 41, has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
She said she came close to taking her own life during a candid interview.
Ms Wilson said depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked.
One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking.
They found three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
After her second fail to appear, police issued an arrest warrant.
Driscoll is now wanted by police on seven drug charges.
She will have to report to police once a week and live at an apartment.
Adam Leheup, 34, met the woman on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app.
He arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar.
Leheup denies raping the 25-year-old woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were all but extinguished.
But Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe'
The 26-year-old feels such strength in depth can only be positive.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a February election.
The mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago.
Lord Janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in 1970s and 1980s.
His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him, lawyer says.
Lawyers Slater & Gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner.
Police have identified 25 people who say the Labour peer attacked them.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season.
Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement.
But Monk insists West Ham have a 'fantastic manager' in place.
Swansea travel to bottom-placed Leicester on Saturday.
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back.
The ice-addicted partner was at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day in 2012.
Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming'
The pair embraced and held each other for a time before composing themselves.
She was sentenced to two years' imprisonment after a jury found her guilty of the lesser charge of manslaughter.
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born.
Four days after birth, she walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or a coat.
The next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She was driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes.
Video shows Manhart struggling with officers, who force her to the ground.
In response, Manhart says the flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation's bunnies into giants.
Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, East Yorkshire, claimed the £20 product was worth £20.
She had taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week.
But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down 32-year-old care worker.
They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough, Brough.
Miss Craven is now waiting to see if she will be charged, but has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often a better watch than the game they're commenting on.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Last year, the United Nations destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest in the Benin international.
Jodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.
She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after they gunned down Sabrina Moss in Kilburn, north west London.
Hussain and James sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette, then 24, was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun during the attack outside Woody Grill.
Cullum was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer QC.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother says officials have made her feel 'like she was in the wrong'
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences.
37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen, were jailed for life.
Among those sentenced to life in prison is Mohamed Soltan.
Soltan has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months.
Sunderland midfielder Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up.
Head coach Dick Advocaat will be without Wes Brown, who is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss Sunday's derby trip to Sunderland.
Defender Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah will take over.
Stewart revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming depressed by American politics and watching cable news.
He said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
Fourteen soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine.
The investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
President Francois Hollande has vowed to'show no mercy' if soldiers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children.
French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
Survey found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999.
53 per cent claimed they had never even considered teaching them.
But 46 per cent insisted their children were not mature enough to know.
Model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull are currently three points off the relegation zone.
Steve Bruce's side face Swansea at the weekend.
David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her Macon, Georgia, home.
The 50-year-old's home was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway.
Police had to air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of 9 more dogs and 3 cats - most in crates.
Smith had worked at the shelter for two months in 2012, but had been fired within
Aaron Hernandez was booked at a maximum-security prison in Walpole, Massachusetts on Wednesday.
He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd, who was dating Hernandez's fianceé at the time.
Hernandez was shocked by the decision, mouthing 'You're wrong' before slumping to his seat.
The 700-inmate facility will serve as a stark contrast to his former home - a $1.3million mansion.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
His injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Kumar Sangakkara is retiring from limited overs cricket.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Sangakkar will play for English county side Surrey this season.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder.
It is an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain.
The mother-of-two is unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter to get around.
A survey of 1,025 Australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things in the last week than had men.
The cost, says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins, will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children.
Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
Khloe Kardashian posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night.
While over 400,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Some critics went after her privileged background and accused her of insincerity.
She responded 30 minutes later with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do'
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated Robert Bates, 73.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley.
Exeter Chiefs outscored Newcastle Falcons six tries to one at Sandy Park.
David Ewers scored and a penalty try helped the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead.
Exeter then added further tries through Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm after the break.
West Ham are confident that the Olympic Stadium deal does not contravene domestic or European legislation.
Premier League club are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday.
Andy Murray's wedding to Kim Sears will take place in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple have taken a low-key approach when it comes to who to invite.
Jamie Delgado and James Ward will also attend.
Leonardo Ulloa gave Leicester the lead from Wes Morgan's knock down in the 15th minute.
The Leicester hitman was sent on for the injured David Nugent in the warm-up.
Andy King scored a late second goal to secure victory at the King Power Stadium.
This is three Premier League wins in a row for the first time since 2000.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because plane was not at capacity.
A fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and row broke out.
Pilot alerted Muscat Airport, and on arrival, one man was taken away for questioning.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father.
Matthew Lee Williamson and Christopher Arthur Neville Kent are charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
The court heard the toddler suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage.
She was not seen of or heard of by anyone else in the five days prior to her death.
Her body was found days after she suffered the blows at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie, north of Brisbane, on March 30, 2013.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31.
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion.
Fury hopes to lure Jennings to England in the autumn.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982.
Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was 'truly a great honor' to meet the U.S. president.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Now it has emerged Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract – at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
Charles is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way.
Horry County Police said the mother turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The hours old baby girl was found struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released.
On Friday, police said the baby is healthy and is in the custody of the social services department.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers were able to gather enough data to take control of the picture feed.
Instead of normal images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons.
The images were similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked in January.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby.
He was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world.
The couple are now hoping to sell the bear on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Liris Crosse, 32, is now The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus-size modelling.
She grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and idolised Naomi Campbell.
Despite being a healthy size 10, she received rejection due to her voluptuous shape.
Liris, who is 5ft 11in, and now size 18 (US 14), says she wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms.
This to protest a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
The British professor claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
His research has been widely criticised by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison.
On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
She also faces three years' probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool.
The spa is perfectly placed close to Ascot, Sunningdale and Wentworth for golf and racing lovers.
Inside the high-end hotel, there are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Incident occurred in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.
Cyclist yelled at Uber driver, banged on window and pushed in mirror.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
The women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men.
It will be 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
Melissa Wilson's grandfather, 85, will be able to watch the race.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
McKinnon suffered minor injuries in the collision.
Tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was.163 - more than twice the legal limit.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon dominated the 'challengers' debate on Thursday.
She dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the Labour leader’s 29 per cent.
Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion.
He was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
An archaeologist working for the Belgian government called the find ‘unique,’ explaining that no complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny'
She said she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis.
Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed.
The wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of Dunblane.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with mystery blonde in his Clitheroe FC T-shirt.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. It's disgusting. I bet their families are far from perfect'
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
This comes almost one year after Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
We fell in love with her story as well as with her, which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community.
Here are five ways that the Belle´s of the world win us over.
Philippine army has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched joint Philippines and US military exercises.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Ancient Egyptians, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time - and found evidence of a'mega drought' in the area.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
Cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
Kellogg's makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent, compared with the UK’s 20 per cent.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination.
Sydney Harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and flyers can get unbeatable aerial shots of world-famous Sydney Harbour bridge.
If you are flying into LAX it is recommended to try to get a seat on the right side of the plane.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency.
Three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo has confirmed 'it will only be a matter of time'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, killed Michael Spalding, 39, and dismembered his body.
His remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Michelle Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal.
Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Her sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Emergency services were called but she died at the scene outside Tesco.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
When he vanished people were being urged not to go to Scotland's mountains unless they had proper equipment and experience due to the severe weather conditions.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho.
He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Once there, he calmed Sitko down and asked him to roll down the window, and he was then able to pull him out to safety.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend.
She was found by police after she made contact with a family member.
Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Sarah Silverman filmed wage-discrimination-activism video at New York Comedy Club.
She claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart to do a job.
But club owner Al Martin revealed the story was false.
Silverman has since apologized to Martin and revealed she fabricated the story.
Terry McCarty was six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader accused of stooping to'shameful' new low by blaming PM.
Suggested deaths could have been avoided if Cameron had done more.
Claims crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
The fast food giant allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer.
KFC hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
Consumers expressed their surprise and approval at KFC's high standard of hygiene.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine.
Adams faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
In the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats.
'All these people are waiting, and I am being removed as if I'm a criminal or contagious because I have cancer,' she says.
Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus.
The 31-year-old's deal with the Serie A champions runs until 2016.
Juventus are reluctant to lose the league's top scorer.
Tevez has netted 17 times this season.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground.
Pictures taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn. A SUV and a drainpipe are also seen littered with dent marks.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in trial in Germany.
They said they could not forgive Mr Groening for his participation in murders.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, Florida, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lindsey set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Carl Froch has expressed a desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves.
Froch has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition.
London Mayor was given a kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Nigel Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet.
The Ukip leader has vowed to quit as Ukip leader if he fails to win the seat.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday.
Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
The 32-year-old also collected his 100th cap for England.
James Holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder.
If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
He admits he was the shooter, his defense attorneys say, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill.
Holmes' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity.
Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday.
She was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in Riviera Maya.
Family said she was devoted to the children she taught and was besotted with each other.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'
The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool.
The 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
Pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
Officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
Harvey Weinstein was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
One of Chapman's society pals revealed just how angry she is with her husband to the New York Daily News.
Ambra Battilana, who claims Weinstein stuck his hand under her skirt, met with prosecutors on Tuesday as
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, visited six different Pret A Manger shops.
She tried three different approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly.
On three of the visits, she wore no make-up, her glasses and a plain top.
At Notting Hill Gate's shop, she decided to put her acting skills to good use.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk.
His partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
Neil Fox, 53, accused of nine offences against three girls and three women.
One alleged victim says he repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio studios.
Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns.
The hilly settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft.
It attracts students from ethnic Chinese students to pupils from Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Malaysia.
Protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal.
Halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault.
During an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx.
The brothers were both questioned and an investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Police falsely reported Talib had been arrested for throwing bottles last June during an NFL camp afterparty.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack, 21, in Bali last August.
Prosecutors have asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for her co-accused Tommy Schaefer.
Mack has been keeping her newborn Stella with her in Kerobokan prison.
She said she did not wish her mother dead, but panicked after Schaefer’s attack with the metal bowl.
The baby was born on March 17 and had to be treated in the clinic and then in hospital after developing a high fever and jaundice
David Suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Todd is the son of Suchet’s son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase.
Other watches include a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua and a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
Ms Johnston says she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay Wonder Woman outfit.
Vladmir Lenin's body is on public display in a mausoleum on Moscow's Red Square.
The body is studied each week using precision instruments to measure moisture, colour and contour to look for signs of dehydration.
Every two years the body is immersed in a bath of glycerol and potassium acetate for 30 days – a technique which scientists say could make the body last for centuries.
Four men accused of stabbing Mozambican man to death in Johannesburg.
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera.
Shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old led his side to a 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
Kane has 29 club goals under Mauricio Pochettino this season.
Wojciech Szczesny turns 25 on Monday.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time in FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Pair were joined by Polish singer-songwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko.
The 25-year-old was treated to a private birthday party at his London home.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January in response to jihadis' mastery of online propaganda.
But it is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ‘social media, financial operations and counter-criminality’
He admits that civilians with relevant experience are not natural recruits for the Army.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was given one final kiss from his wife Tracy before being led away by police.
The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school.
Man asleep on conveyor at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
Other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage.
Inebriated Chinese passenger fell asleep on luggage belt in China.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009.
He killed 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as 'workplace violence'
But it has since been acknowledged that the attack was terrorism.
Victim Shawn Manning claims he is still going without certain benefits.
Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty.
Anthony Martinez was over-joyed when his straight guy pal, Jacob Lescenski, came up with an extra special promposal idea.
The proposal has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Martinez responded to the question with a big 'yes' and excited hug.
Harry Redknapp quit as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave.
Redknapp believes he would have helped QPR avoid relegation.
New photographs of the late artist Frida Kahlo have been released as part of a new book.
In the images, the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life.
Many of the pictures were taken in the years before her death in 1954.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over dementia-stricken mother Dorothy.
Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for 83-year-old's care.
When it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000.
She was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Queen of the South crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season.
Stuart McCall urged Rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure.
The Ibrox side remain third in the table behind Hibernian.
Imran Uddin, 25, was studying science at the University of Birmingham.
He bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he connected to a number of university computers.
Through the software, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers and then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself.
Uddin was jailed for four months after admitting six charges which were in breach of the Computer Misuse Act.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch.
Former High Court judge led inquiry into Bradford stadium fire which killed 56 football fans.
Martin Fletcher has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident saying they are 'nonsense'
He has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985.
Mr Fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy, including his 11-year-old brother Andrew and his father John, 34, uncle Peter, 32, and grandfather Eddie, 63.
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United.
Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace.
Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City.
Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre brush fire when his cameraman pointed out something behind him.
As the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans are also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Jordan Spieth on Sunday.
Spieth is four shots clear of Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman.
Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the most high-profile grouping.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
Her roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with her murder.
Mann's parents, Thomas and Melissa Mann, paid tribute to their daughter in a brief interview.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
Tim Sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put his sense of fashion in the spotlight.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for training on Tuesday wearing a flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
Aston Villa goalkeeper Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire describing it as the 'worst ever'
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby.
The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)
It is made of durable plastic with a matte finish and is the same height and length as an ordinary credit card.
Chip maker Qualcomm has unveiled its Sense ID 3D fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology.
It uses ultrasonic sound waves to capture the ridges, sweat pores and
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The Republic of Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads.
Grealish says referees have tried telling him to keep his socks low.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claim that at least three of his supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours.
Bates' legal team have produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place in this year's contest was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its project Essence Skyscraper.
It beat the designs for a giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds.
Government planning to expand Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'
Step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal.
New plans underline China's increasing influence in Nepal.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry.
Others, in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities, accused politicians of 'fly-posting'
Detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to Jose Anigo.
The former Marseille boss says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona.
Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' required to become an Old Trafford great.
Sweden captain Ibrahimovic scored in Sweden's 3-1 international friendly win over Iran on Tuesday night.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe the jellyfish are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators.
The jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb.
Liverpool host Blackburn in the FA Cup on Wednesday night.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four.
The Reds have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Liverpool are hoping to replicate their 2001 FA Cup triumph by beating Arsenal in the final.
Ellen White scored a free kick against Arsenal in the Women's Super League.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Arsenal equalised late on and rescue a point.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations.
In Sofia, a night's stay in a four-star hotel costs £63.78, while in Zurich, a club sandwich costs £3.07.
London is the third priciest destination in the world, after New York and Zurich.
Eden Hazard has been outstanding for Chelsea this season.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the award.
Hazard is likely to feature against Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
Diego Costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
The Argentinian has extended his deal at the club until 2019.
Simeone took Atletico to the title last season and leads them into the last 16 of the competition.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app, there are already a concerning number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House on Monday.
World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from £9,000 to £6,000.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
But the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
The girl was given fake ID and a job but Garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her, Santa Ana police Cpl. Ricardo Diaz testified.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at Manchester City.
Eriksson said they have underperformed given their financial clout.
City host West Ham on Sunday but a Champions League spot next year is still in doubt.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricket commentary box legend said he had never worn head gear as a young player because he had been influence by legendary all rounder Keith Miller.
Benaud was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum after a car accident in October 2013.
He had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
'I recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads,' he said.
Former Scottish Secretary warns against talking up threat posed by SNP.
Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs.
Comes after SNP unveiled its manifesto in Edinburgh yesterday.
It included massive spending increases, new taxes and more welfare.
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America.
It is believed the shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska.
The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months.
Pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey.
The 34-year-old made 62 on his only prior appearance at The Parks, for Nottinghamshire in April 2004.
Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked questions about gay marriage.
He asked Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
The company has said the responses to Alex's questions were down to a 'bug' which it has now fixed.
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film.
The identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement.
This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
Sarah Stage, 30, is a lingerie model and animal rights activist.
She has been documenting her first pregnancy on Instagram.
Critics claim that her trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
But she continues to flaunt her physique online with a new snap.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Hamilton to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton is 13 points behind Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, a junior at Jeannette High School.
Morton's lawyer and family insist he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys.
A police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger.
The day after Mangan was found, a friend of Morton's told police her son received a selfie on Snapchat of the victim who was sitting in a chair with a bloody wound to his face.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at Orlando's Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the hotel in the early hours of Tuesday.
A security guard found Wood and tried to stop him but he became belligerent.
Wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
Art and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies.
Some babies have been dressed as sci-fi characters, like Princess Leia from Star Wars.
Others have been kitted out as characters from well-known children books.
Angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes.
She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Novak Djokovic is being tipped to end Rafa Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros.
The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks.
Nadal comfortably beat Nadal on his beloved red clay in last week's Monte Carlo Masters semi-finals.
Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby.
The 33-year-old was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Kirby, 32, was jailed for eight years and banned from contacting her.
He was released after three years and will not be released until 2023.
Miss Redhead, who has waived her right to anonymity, said: 'I am still full of fear'
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He was arrested on Wednesday night after police discovered discrepancies in his alibi.
Neighbours said the Stanford family have lived at the property for 'around 13 months'
Police found blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux.
A picture of a burnt body was on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott inside the property itself.
Children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
One unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
But he said they would back the party this time if he fails to win majority.
He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded'
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in 2013 for perverting the course of justice for taking Huhne's speeding fines.
The economist has written a book about life in women's prisons.
She says she would miss her children when work commitments came calling.
Pryce, who speaks four languages, advocates early return to work.
Sir Stirling Moss, 85, won 212 races during his 14-year career.
He has swapped high-octane vehicles for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph.
The father-of-two said he sees fitness as a 'way of life'
He said: 'I have half a bottle of wine a day, which fits in very nicely'
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said during remarks at a New Hampshire GOP summit.
Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
The wealthy Democrat was spotted at the Omaha, Nebraska, airport on the way back carting her own luggage.
Paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the Oval Office in early April that Clinton would'soon' face a day of reckoning over the Clinton Foundation's fundraising practices.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
She said she's been faced with the realisation that 'the deepest and most abiding forms of racism' in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
'When I say something or someone is racist, it’s not meant to be the worst insult in the world, people really get their backs up,' she told Daily Mail Australia.
Ms Mismang said the Australian government employed tactics of ‘trickery, disposition and violence’ that are ‘as ugly as you
Manchester Thunder netball team filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo'
Phil Neville, Gary Neville and Paul Scholes joined the team to promote the Superleague semi-finals.
Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
His mother believes that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
Men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job.
The bodies of the young army recruits of Camp Speicher were found today.
They were slaughtered by the Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a threatening new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months, families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers who had been marched through Tikrit.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts.
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston.
British number one Watson, seeded 16th, gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
The other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel, progressed in straight sets.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California.
The video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
Before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, captured the heartwarming scenes during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake, became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs.
The normally ferocious animals appear comfortable with his presence.
The 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate.
Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days.
Ford was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor.
Instead, he ran for his old seat in city council and won.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee the Al-Yarmouk Camp, on the outskirts of the city.
The teenager was shot dead on Tuesday as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army.
Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since it fell under ISIS control on April 4, leaving 200 people dead in seven days.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
Jade Wimsey, 24, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV.
Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
Dellinger was a senior vice president and chief financial officer at PPG Industries Inc. when he left in 2011 because of health problems.
Laura Smith, 35, faces multiple charges, including DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
A witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat.
Smith backed her car into Smith's truck and started to spray him with pepper spray.
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on April 15.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg)
It was extracted from 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys.
Normal healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Cristiano Ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 La Liga goals.
Brussels will say Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
The ruling means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules.
Southend United move into fourth place after 1-0 win over Bury.
David Worrall scored a superb curling effort from a set-piece.
Phil Brown's side are behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University.
But on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make grade.
She refused to take no for an answer, saying: 'Despite Duke's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants, you simply did not meet my qualifications'
Duke did respond, but didn't share the joke, instead telling her that she could appeal their decision, but 'it's very rare' for the call to be overturned.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match.
They would play for 'Team South' against 'North' team from Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League.
A marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side.
AS claim the rest of the season will be 'operation 30 points' for the Italian coach.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.
The video of the two of them playing music together has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
Male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself.
The thrust comes from arms that push by elongation rather than arms that pull.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
Mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save him.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Father Xiao Kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver yesterday.
Surgeons say it is the first time two parents have donated the same organ.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials.
Clinton emerged from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes.
The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to reach the top of the WTA doubles ranking.
Mirza's run of winning 14 successive doubles matches with Martina Hingis will see her leapfrog Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci at the top.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
The ASPCA, FDNY and NYPD are still working to locate other missing animals at the explosion site.
Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages.
This means that users get 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
It will roll out to Android handsets soon.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season.
But he believes Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him leave.
Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Ibrox in January.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died.
She says the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his wealth.
The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives.
Claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a cookery course or even had one lesson.
His children are over the moon that their father is following his dream.
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the Beverly Hills Hotel.
The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house.
Richards is now in a Malibu rehab, but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the hotel.
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries as he was passing by.
She told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held her captive for five days.
He then allegedly produced a weapon and restrained her with duct tape.
Perron was arrested on Monday and charged with sexual assault.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
An employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
Flamboyant glasses and outfits have been part of Elton John's signature look.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Cheddar is Britain's most popular cheese with 80% of us choosing it.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd was Manchester City's FA Cup-winning goalkeeper.
Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
Former City player Fred Eyre paid tribute to Dowd.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film.
The former Manchester United midfielder insists You and the Night is a 'piece of art'
The French film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
But the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography.
Newcastle United had more than £34m in the bank at the end of the last financial year.
Club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season.
Accounts registered with Companies House show £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum.
A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Six Leeds players have withdrawn from Saturday's game at Charlton.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri all told head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
The Italian quartet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted a picture of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages.
Duggan has since removed the photo from Instagram.
Energy giant ordered to pay £7.75million to Citizens Advice.
Regulator Ofgem found E.ON had overcharged customers after price rises.
Firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence.
He had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi.
Mr Phillips was discovered the next day on the rocky beach by a dog walker.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by Adam's flailing arm.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League.
Ralph Body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens, up until March 29.
He says he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores--didn't sit well with the 2-year-old building's management.
'Unfortunately, in this case, nice guys finish last,' Body says his higher-up told him.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton.
The right back has been in impressive form this season.
Clyne has earned international recognition with his performances.
E4 will shut down for 12 hours on day of general election to encourage youngsters to vote.
US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
Special advert will be played featuring 'Darren' - man fictionally in charge of E4.
The radical move could have a significant impact on the election.
E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday.
At 4.15am he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Neighbors said the couple have frequent fights which have ended in police attending the scene numerous times.
Andre Ward and Carl Froch will meet in a unification fight.
Ward is ranked among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world.
Froch has won their first meeting in the US.
John Terry has played in all 33 Premier League games so far this season.
The Chelsea captain has scored three goals in 2,970 minutes.
Terry made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season.
Kit Dale, a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne, Australia, shared the image to his Facebook page on Sunday.
By Wednesday, the image on his page had been liked by 370,000 Facebook users and shared more than 45,000 times.
While some commenters applauded the move - and even asked whether the girl was in need of a step-mother - others ridiculed it.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
Crespo shot Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Cufo three times in the chest on September 30.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
Her brother William says his brother's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood.
The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
The show is set to premiere this summer.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
When she became pregnant with her second child, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated.
But the promise was an empty one when her son Patrick was delivered at the same hospital.
The same mistakes were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was head of politics at St George's School.
He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
The 41-year-old was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court.
Now he has been banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
Property prices are predicted to fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong.
Declining populations are tipped to reduce potential economic growth from 2.9 per cent to 2.5 per cent for the 2015-2017 period.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second.
Rishell's brother's wife, Grace, has opened up to say that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy Henthorn had taken
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The Mercedes driver discusses the meaning behind his tattoos.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
It was carrying 100 tons of rupees worth £34million, belonging to the UK Treasury.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search was contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - 4,500ft deeper than the Titanic.
The recovery took place in 2013, but has only now been made public.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Real Madrid were reduced to 10 men after Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute.
Cristiano Ronaldo equalised for Atletico Madrid in the second half.
Hernandez was on loan at the Santiago Bernabeu from Manchester United.
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine.
Katie Couric, Christina Applegate and Sara Bareilles all tweeted their best wishes.
Cressida Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
She's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry, starred in a West End stage play and is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi Dench.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took the stand on Tuesday.
The 13-year-old was found in basement of his family's Detroit townhouse.
He said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was beaten with a plastic pipe.
Said he was forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids.
Also revealed his treatment was so horrific, he attempted suicide in bid to escape parents' torture.
Hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send both to trial for torture and child abuse.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates.
Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.
Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself'
But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was last seen on April 21 in Rhydyfelin, Wales.
She was reported missing the next day and her body was found.
Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Simeone's side were beaten 1-0 by their neighbours Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.
Atletico Madrid were unable to take anything away against their neighbours.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani has signed up Gregory Benoist to ride in France.
The only exception will be Dual Arc winner Treve.
Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot.
London Mayor pressed on leadership ambitions by Sky News anchor Kay Burley.
But he insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable.
They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody.
A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly, it was added.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain.
The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson.
Photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in Adelaide were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday.
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.
RSPCA said the cats were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September.
In the past year they have received more than 1000 similar reports.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
The fixture between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
It is also a contest which pitches Marseille’s ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be.
There has thus far been some success for the man who appointed him — Marseille president Vincent Labrune.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate Songkran.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be work of El Greco.
But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
He was a master with the microphone to his lips, Benaud also was well aware of the power of silence.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Britain came in at 41st place out of 108 countries, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the August 16, 2013, shooting death of Australian baseball player Christopher Lane.
Lane was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan, Oklahoma.
The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month.
CCTV footage shows the man following three other potential victims.
He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties.
Zayn Malik has been accused of cheating on his fiance Perrie Edwards.
Swedish model Martina Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn.
The 22-year-old has jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday.
Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Ashley Cole have also been linked to infidelity.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The bullets were designed specifically for the gun by former watchmaker Paul Erard.
Weighing in at just 0.6 ounces, each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner £230.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates copied and kept for himself.
Some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer.
Apple defines the Apple Watch battery on its Watch product page.
It says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children.
The four Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, at their home near Florence.
They expressed theirregret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' Brown said.
Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia.
The area is famous for its stunning rock formations, deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts, which have been carved from volcanic ash rock.
It lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by Turkey's Housing Development Administration.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites.
The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD.
Construction has started on the building, which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects, and is due to be completed by 2019.
EU leaders agree package of measures to tackle migrant crisis in Mediterranean.
They pledge to send in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols.
British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin expected to be sent to region within days.
David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward'
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso.
Sammer joined Bayern's hierarchy in July 2012.
The 47-year-old has warned manager Pep Guardiola that the club have to'make plans for the future before it is too late'
Manchester United Under 21s go four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Josh Harrop scored his first goal for the Red Devils since September.
Adnan Januzaj captained the young Red Devils.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Leeim was born prematurely because if spina bifida is left untreated, it can lead to brain damage and loss of leg usage.
Willy Junior was loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13 when he fell asleep in the cargo hold.
He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and then called 911 - but his call cut out after 44 seconds.
Junior is currently still employed at Menzies Aviation, but he has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines flights.
Chelsea host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger's side have conceded just two goals in their last six games.
Jose Mourinho is up against the ultimate pragmatist.
Mourinho has a poor record in the Manager of the Month award.
Puren was youngest brother of final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled until 1912.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Puyi became emperor in 1908 when he was two years and ten months old.
Nicole Mihai was deported from New Zealand after a two-year relationship.
The 34-year-old was awarded full custody of their son, Chris.
She was told she must return to Romania as she is not a New Zealand resident.
A ruling from the Family Court said Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.
Carolyn Ross confessed to knowing the drugs were in the mail.
The pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
The incident took place Monday morning at Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans.
Rudison's son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack.
Incident caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park.
Police are searching for a vandal who damaged a car park barrier.
In the image the man appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since April 4.
Costa has been sidelined four times this season with his hamstrings.
The Spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for Sunday's clash.
Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as Chelsea's only fit senior striker.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
The on-loan forward has been linked with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Valencia in recent weeks.
Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United's 4-2 rout of Manchester City.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday night.
Jose Mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans after the game.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football'
Terry also admitted defending was an art after Mourinho claimed his performance against Arsenal was one of the finest of his career.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places, even with just five games left to play of the regular season.
There have been some stellar individual performances this season that will no doubt have attracted top flight attention.
Here are eight players - one each from Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers.
The Belgian has been in impressive form since his return.
Mignolets has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in 1995.
But the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013.
The revelation will heighten fears that the peer was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up.
It echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring for Southampton at the Britannia.
Mame Diouf equalised for Stoke with a close-range finish.
Charlie Adam scored the winner with six minutes remaining.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Barkley was awarded a penalty for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon.
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Police in Shanghai seized three million fake condoms worth £1.3 million.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
They were packaged as popular brands like Durex and cost just 1p to make.
Miley Cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
The 22-year-old is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices.
But fans noticed that the singer had given her razor a night off.
Miley's somewhat bushy underarm area caused quite a stir on social media.
Olaparib already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations.
New research suggests the drug could also help men with genetic faults within their prostate cancer tumours.
Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon.
Nikki Thomas, 27, appeared on This Morning to tell how her sister was murdered.
Jenna was strangled to death by Philip Packer in a jealous rage in 2008.
She said he bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day.
But she never reported his behaviour to police and paid the ultimate price.
Now Nikki is warning others to learn from her sister's tragic story.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited GP for treatment.
But she was stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time.
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her.
Skegness Academy claimed detention was to give her best chance of doing well in exams.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation.
They have so far removed 150 trolleys and six vehicles, one of which dates back over 40 years.
The clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
The rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves were established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 in the First Utility Super League.
Dom Manfredi scored his side's first try in the first half.
Joe Burgess scored a late try to break the champions' resistance.
It was a second successive defeat for Saints.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.
Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year.
They visited 70 cities in 35 countries to capture moments and people on camera.
Bayern Munich were crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running.
Wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at Borussia Monchengladbach.
Max Kruse scored the last-minute winner to move them up to third.
The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker.
Baker was found dead next to his house in Mobile, Alabama, in 2000.
In 2012 his conviction was overturned by a judge who blasted his trial.
But today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out of Hull clash with ankle injury.
Steven Davis could return to the team after recovering from ankle problem.
Steve Bruce yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor.
Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgian.
Everton host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world.
One image shows fighters from the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo.
Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the town of Sinuiju.
Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Charlie Stayt scrawled the word 'education' on a whiteboard in Southampton.
Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter 'c'
The presenter later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue.
The government has backed the move, and is working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on statues and other colonial symbols.
Photo was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.
A Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
Others suggested it was likely an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being.
Last month, a chilling image emerged on the Toowoomba Ghost Chasers' Facebook past, with its owner claiming it showed the ghost on a young drowning victim.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before council officers came'sprinting' to say she had committed a criminal offence.
Miss Copeland was issued with £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
After failing to pay, she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts for the big day.
Several business owners have already sent gifts to either Andy or Kim.
A crystal-covered garter is hand-embroidered on the inside with the couple's initials and wedding date.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona.
Laurent Blanc's side were beaten 2-0 at the Nou Camp.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti returned to the Ligue One side.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit.
He also called on forces to 'preserve and guard citizens' properties in areas that have been liberated'
The Danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45.
They were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Københavns Rådhus [city hall]
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet.
The 262-year-old castle was lit up by the flashes from the exploding fireworks.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday as Liverpool stepped up preparations for FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa.
Sturridge hasn’t been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south.
Steven Gerrard is available having served a three-match suspension.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday morning when a concrete slab fell on top of their pickup truck.
The couple and their baby were driving underneath the state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk.
Authorities thought only one person had been killed by the impact, but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been crushed to death.
According to a former US Transport Secretary, Ray LaHood said there are 70,000 bridges that have been deemed structurally deficient across the nation.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community.
The Lowy Institute report says the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response.
It comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Sarah Ivens, 34, wanted to have a baby at the age of 34.
Her husband Russell was ready to be a father and she was financially secure.
Eleven months later, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared.
After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell have two children William, (centre) and Matilda.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the driver veered across the road.
Incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year.
The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11.
The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine.
Pocognoli insists he doesn't want to be one of the players to throw a strop.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
His last goal was the only goal of the game at Burnley.
Ramsey has dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away.
More than a quarter of a million fans took to the streets to celebrate Arsenal's 2014 FA Cup success.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out.
The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma.
About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
2,500 police officers involved in tracking down Boston Marathon bombers showed lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights, report reveals.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target'
Also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns during chaotic shooting.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Despite findings, report praises many aspects of emergency response to the April 15 attacks.
Justin Jackson accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey, Madonna and Johnny Depp.
He is being sued by Oprah's TV network and former Obama aide Reggie Love.
Court papers claim he tried to trick people into giving him jobs, clothes, free food and jewelry worth $2.4million.
Deathwatch beetles are living in the timber of Hay Castle in Wales.
The 800-year-old castle is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders.
A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect threat.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side.
The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John was told his cancer was terminal.
After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
Their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover parked outside a house.
Within two seconds, he opens the door without even using a key.
Just seconds later, he manages to start up the engine and reverse the car.
Metropolitan Police are appealing for information to trace the thief.
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
The video, uploaded to YouTube last week, begins with the message: ‘Goanna swallows rabbit, some people may find this video a bit disturbing, but it’s only nature’
Kelsey Higley, 22, studied art media at the University of Oklahoma.
She created a video entitled 'Manipulation' which shows what her body might look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented.
At its most extreme, Kelsey's body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes.
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
Silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
It will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse.
Google Wallet allows users to send money to anyone in the US with a Gmail address, or request money on-the-go, directly from their bank account, debit card or Wallet Balance.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the FDIC.
But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs.
Russ said he was initially 'fearful and unsure' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea, but didn't let that stop him from the new adventure.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers.
The smaller size of the vessels means it can become a place where everybody who serves you soon knows your name.
You can enjoy'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours' for no extra charge.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband, Danny, in May 2013.
She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007.
The notorious Prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in Chicago on February 14, 1929, by hired killers dressed as policemen.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
David Seaman says his penalty save against Sheffield United was the best of his career.
The 51-year-old says it topped his Euro 96 penalty heroics.
Arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership.
The Hoops boss said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit.
Teale hit back, saying: 'It's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface'
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the ball in her beer during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
She said it was 'pure luck'
The ball is now sitting in her apartment.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation.
His lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Ben was dead in the back of his
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia.
The 14-time major winner is making his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters 2015.
Woods recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday.
The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt.
Pele, now 74, was asked whether he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
He says Ronaldo is'more forward, more of a scorer'
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in 1974.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot.
The Government apologised for his death in 2013.
George Bailey will join Sussex for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) on Kickstarter for the insect-powered protein bar.
They previously rose to fame with their Fly Factory, a micro-factory that used larvae to create foods including chocolate cake and pâté.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000.
We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the show.
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
The Aussie, born Natalie Stewart, has taken to the role with lavish, overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language.
Ms Moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the Philippines.
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia did not breach human rights rules.
Robert Muradeli, 45, was deported in 2011 for breaking immigration laws.
He had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations.
Pablo Osvaldo believes Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should join him at Boca Juniors.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian giants.
Osvaldo says the fans would love to have them line up on the La Bombonera pitch.
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, met Sakir Candan on holiday in Marmaris.
She flew out to see him every couple of months and went on to lose eight stone.
But she found out he was two-timing her with another woman.
In autumn 2013, Sakir proposed with a ring, engraved with his name.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland.
The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
They said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
In 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg.
Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian is valued at around £6million.
Villa are also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster.
The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham.
Court heard the attack happened when the boy made mistakes with his studies, including failing to read the Koran properly.
It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Goalkeeper Petr Cech has become a Chelsea stalwart.
Sergio Ramos has been a star at the back for Real Madrid.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
He knew in Sanchez he had a ‘jewel’ on his hands.
Sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham.
Marino believes Sanchez could score more than 35 goals a season.
Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star, and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream.
The pair split after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans.
Noah has known Dani Gabriel for at least four years and it's believed they began dating early in 2014.
Sources close to Noah said that they are still friends and Gabriel has said she 'couldn't be prouder' of her ex.
Online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
HBO said it is 'actively assessing how this breach occurred'
The series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world.
Mark Dawe, head of Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board, said pupils now learn through search engines anyway.
He said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with lung cancer in December.
Father-of-one was dismissed by doctors five times in two months.
But after noticing a dull ache in his ribs, he was taken to A&E.
There, an X-ray revealed a tumour had spread to his liver and bones.
Mr Rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Paper filters are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing.
But they can be life-savers in many other situations, too.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
From being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls.
Micky Adams was sacked by Tranmere on Sunday.
He is the 42nd manager to be sacked this season.
The Championship remains the most dangerous terrain.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola led his side to a 5-0 lead before half-time.
Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday.
Women worked at dementia unit of Bupa-run facility in Bretton, Cambridgeshire.
They told one woman she was going to be killed and told another she was living in brothel.
Another confused patient was told she was in a brothel and should expect male visitors.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week for ill-treating a person as a carer under Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored for United.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot.
City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday evening.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach quarter-finals.
British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori also through.
Tomas Berdych and Carla Suarez Navarro also through to last eight.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
The retired security installer was in a hide 'with the intention of photographing small British birds'
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's groin problems.
Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain.
The 21-year-old should play again this season, but the fear is that the problem could recur.
Oxlade Chamberlain will miss at least two more weeks, meaning he will not be available for next weekend's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
She is accused of killing her boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
The court heard how she flew into a rage when Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Elderfield's lover, Tony Steggles, brought a large amount of alcohol to the boat, and a'sulky' Mr Dobinson had left to spend the afternoon with a friend.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by Steven Young.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years.
Britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne.
But now it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn, according to industry figures.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
Sales bubbled along rather slowly, and by 2009 we were still only consuming just over two million bottles a year.
Five years on, that’s leapt to a massive 28 million — most of the increase coming since 2012.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
She explains how the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy.
Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility.
Steven Gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as Aston Villa beat Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday.
Gerrard was poor throughout, unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years.
Brendan Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since Phil Taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow.
The 26-year-old will not have a summer break and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Carroll had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers.
The schoolgirl disappeared from her family home in Blackpool, Lancashire, in 2007.
Ewing allegedly called police two weeks prior to the killing to see how officers would react to her disappearance, a jury heard today.
He allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
Preston Crown Court heard how eight months after the schoolgirl's disappearance, Ewing's friend,
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling says he would have signed a lot less a year ago.
The 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer.
The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at Lille.
Origi has been in regular contact with compatriot Simon Mignolet.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
The 17-year-old was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
He was jailed in January after the skate park incident but will now walk free after 69 days behind bars with Magistrate Deborah Vasta deciding he had learned his lesson.
'Running around being a big man in town does not cut it when you're in a detention centre,' she told him.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme.
The federal agent helped bring down Lance Armstrong.
Novitzky was also involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the spot in the third minute.
Atalanta leveled with a penalty of their own and Roma couldn't convert pressure into genuine goalscoring opportunities.
Roma moved level with second-placed Lazio on 58 points, 15 behind runaway leaders Juventus.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist at the St John Howard Centre in Homerton, east London.
Her colleague Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity.
The pair had discussed Islam and Christianity, as well as the work done by her church at the Christian Revival Church in the O2 Arena in Greenwich against human trafficking.
Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint and the East London NHS Foundation Trust suspended her for nine months.
A disciplinary hearing upheld three complaints about the book, invitation to attend church and Miss Wastene
Naomi, 44, and Jourdan, 24, model new eyewear range Gabardine.
Pair show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin.
First teamed up for Burberry's spring/summer 2015 campaign.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
She came up with the idea after studying biology under a microscope and spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history.
The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies.
Alpha Delta is responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Results showed that gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected.
Learning the second task
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was arrested on suspicion of trying to sneak into Syria with relatives.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham, two women and two men aged 22 and 47 - have been released without charge.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
The former drummer and a founding member of the Southern hard rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, he was not wearing a seatbelt.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 in La Liga on Saturday.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season.
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico Madrid.
They can reclaim third spot with a win at home to Villarreal on Sunday.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro in the 82nd minute.
Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle the tie.
Brugge looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium.
The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
Late on Wednesday, the airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight'
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, attacked their dog Cookie.
The terrier barked at the intruders as they burst into their home.
Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking.
Cookie suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook, near Chorley, Lancashire.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China.
Her mother, named only as Ms Li, left her by herself while they worked.
When she arrived, a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her.
She dashed to the bedroom where she had left her and discovered the little girl had been dragged from her bed by the dog.
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Witley, Surrey.
After incident, he said: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing position of trust and sexual activity with girl aged 13 to 17 years.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza.
O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli.
He was one of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children.
Ahmed is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
They may be flown back to Manchester today or tomorrow.
Lauren York, 15, was found Monday afternoon in North Ridgeville, Ohio.
York's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4am Sunday with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.
Her mother Grace York posted on Facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to Missouri.
Mike Fitzgerald will be a Leicester Tigers lock next season.
The 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Fitzgerald is set to follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo in Sydney.
She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas.
The adorable animal is fed by a bottle every five hours and has her own pouch.
When the time comes for Chloe to be released back into the wild she will first be transferred to a wombat 'halfway house'
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhat
Adele Berry contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill last month.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
The man has now been suspended by the network provider.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes.
Aphibarnat is one shot behind American Peter Uihlein.
Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he sneaked into the Nou Camp for a photo.
The Uruguayan has been in fine form since his £75million move from Liverpool.
Uruguayan admits that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him.
Carole Maggio is the LA-based creator of Facercise.
She has a celebrity and royalty-packed client list.
Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
Crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Sarao appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food.
Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock.
Both players are to retire at the end of May.
Gregor Townsend's side are currently top of the Pro12 standings.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game.
Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
But John Terry insists there is still work to be done.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account.
John Foran was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found shard.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Newport.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move.
Live music will be played by Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law was delusional.
The note said the women wanted to jump off a cruise
Naomi Jacobs, 32, was struck with Transient Global Amnesia in 2008.
Condition wiped 'episodic' part of her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
Last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl.
She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
A confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life.
Toro began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
He wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship.
That has not happened and Toro is now technically living in the US illegally.
The DEA refused to help Toro with his citizenship after he went public with his plight.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for the crash that killed all 150 on board.
The crash in the Alps has been blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who investigators say locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet.
Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion.
He says the'slow drip' of piecemeal judgments from preliminary assessments of data can be counterproductive.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final.
Mark McCall's side face Clermont in the semi-finals on April 18.
Clermont have not lost in Europe since 2008.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium on Saturday.
Middlesbrough and Norwich both dropped points at Craven Cottage.
Fulham beat Boro 4-3 in stoppage time after Rotherham equalised.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France.
The lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s.
Guests can stay in the cottage for the small sum of €200 (£145) for two nights.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently.
His driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle.
She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
Stuart McCall was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts.
It was a crucial triumph that moves Gers back into second place in the Scottish Championship.
Sean McCabe, 30, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013.
He was told he had just two months to live and had 20% chance of survival.
In December 2014 he was told his cancer was now in remission.
The father-of-three has now rebooked the church for his wedding to Lisa Williams.
Mr McCabe wrote a goodbye letter to his children to be read to them after his death.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
The Chelsea manager left Madrid in 2013 and rejoined Chelsea.
Mourinho left amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players.
Arbeloa has made 25 first-team appearances this season.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
Instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, according to NDTV.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Daniel Buccheri composed the tune to popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke, east of Melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation.
Adrian couldn't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond.
Super speakers showed less activity in Broca's region of the brain.
This area is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic.
People with damage to the right sagittal stratum are unable to detect sarcasm.
Neuroscientists at University College London used magnetic resonance imaging scans of the brains of 17 professional comedians, a radio presenter and barrister.
England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland in Group D.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions.
The tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time.
Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009, but legal challenges have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates.
It will set new dates after the legal questions are settled.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute.
The Easter Road side failed to convert dominance into a goal.
The Queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop technical expertise.
Applicants will have to travel to various Royal residences for three months.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
It comes after the Queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food.
Six dancers were filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument.
Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful.
Two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days.
The women's sentences come as Russia prepares to mark 70th anniversary.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
It's currently only available to selected people for testing.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home’
A Facebook spokesman said the changes help Facebook 'to better serve more relevant advertising to you'
The National Bar Association is calling for Clarence Habersham, 37, to be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second officer to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Scott, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back.
The father of four's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning.
He is wanted for the murders of Bernadette, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Her body was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her mother was found dead at sheltered accommodation in Bootle, Merseyside.
Police have released CCTV images of the 26-year-old leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm on Wednesday.
Bernadette's family said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from ESPN for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'
The former model is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
In a self-aggrandizing rant, she tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km)
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
In April 2014, Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning.
After suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment, allowing the former Army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence.
Just this month, Manning started Tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world.
Mimi is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old Joshua Teague.
Joshua’s dad Phil, 56, a computer programmer, bought the cat with his wife Christine, 45, when she was eight-weeks-old in December 2013.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
Gray was standing in the van, bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards a back door.
It is believed he fell into the door, breaking his neck, during the journey.
The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday.
The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions'
Amazon has been pursuing its goal of sending packages to customers by air, using small, self-piloted aircraft.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with a number of European clubs.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp has'more right' to take over at City.
Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out after poor season.
Juan Agudelo scored his first international goal since March 2011.
The 20-year-old was thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades.
Morris pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna.
Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit before a world title fight.
Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against Manny Pacquiao.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp.
Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
She said she was never offered support despite claiming bugs were eating her eyes.
Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
The spiraliser gadget turns various vegetables into spaghetti.
Freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks.
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital.
The hotel has 267 rooms, four of which have been decorated by trendy artists.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised on Monday.
The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music.
Woods shared a warm greeting with Miguel Angel Jimenez on Wednesday.
Australia's Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with the Portuguese coach.
The Gunners are 10 points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to the Parkhead club in January.
Jackie McNamara's side have won just three of their 14 games since.
The duo are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
It could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia.
But industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet.
'He's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan.
Lt. Dan was the only one out of nine puppies who was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner that he be put down.
Obama unveils executive order to freeze or block assets of hackers.
He said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the United States'
Hackers working in China and Russia target America's defense contractors.
Also targeted banks and North Korea went after Sony Pictures.
But privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies.
He has shown them off at events around the country.
But he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home.
Thief took eight prized pets leaving eight behind leaving more ordinary rodents behind.
Tony issued a desperate plea to the thief to return the treasured pets.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain.
The teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold.
But was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Everton have expressed interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin.
QPR striker has 17 goals so far this season and could leave Loftus Road.
Everton were among Premier League clubs who checked on Club Brugge's 19-year-old forward Obbi Oulare.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He was released in March 2013 after his family managed to raise a ransom.
Mr Rodwell fears the Federal government will not award him compensation.
Under Australian law, victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 campaign.
New Balance take over in supplying the Merseyside club's kit.
Liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
Sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
Darrell Clarke's side face Barnet in the Conference on Saturday.
If Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
For most of her adult life, she had been in and out of hospital.
Doctors warned her weight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
But she managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle.
Yingying Dou ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
It was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities.
University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website.
Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
Ms Dou has denied knowing anything about the website which has now been taken down.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'
Simonsen's legal team confirmed the Englishman will not face a further suspension.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from home in Punjab.
Group of men began harassing them and tried to'molest' them.
But instead of defending them, bus staff joined in sexual assault.
Incident took place on near-empty bus near Moga, 50 miles from Pakistani border.
Liverpool were linked with a move for Neto earlier in the season.
A January move for the former Atletico Paranaense keeper never materialised.
Neto looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer.
His agent Stefano Castagna claims Liverpool and PSG are interested.
Andrew Barr was principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne.
He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office.
The school council launched an investigation after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Chairman of the council, Dr Hugh Seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
AP McCoy will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts.
There is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Martin Guptill has been recalled to the New Zealand Test squad.
The 23-year-old has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England.
Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence.
The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls.
So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor.
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004.
It was the penultimate race for the team who would lose out to BAR in the fight for second in the constructors' championship.
The 2005 race in Shanghai also proved to be the end of an era as the popular underdogs Minardi raced for the final time.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught romping with mystery blonde in his club T-shirt.
He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. It's disgusting. I bet their families are far from perfect'
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found 37-year-old Adeyinka.
He was found unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both shot five-under-par 67.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson both shot 70.
Stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
Experts believe ancient species known as Australopithecines - typified by the fossilised skeleton called Lucy - or Kenyanthropus made the tools.
Discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as 700,000 years older than any others found previously.
Don McLean is selling the original manuscript and lyrics to pop anthem American Pie.
The 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303)
McLean says American Pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction'
The eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off.
Indulging in two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes running and if you have lathered it with butter and jam, it would take 80 minutes of running.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.
She is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain.
Nigel Jackson, 59, accused of murdering wife Brenda Davidson, 72, in Portugal.
At the time he said she committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But he has now written a letter for jail explaining how he believes she died.
He says he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5) to reach the quarter-finals.
Roger Federer was knocked out of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Gael Monfils beat Stanislas Wawrinka 6-1 6-2.
Robin Barton was abandoned as an infant by Michael Buelna when he was just four hours old.
Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, but was beaten to it.
As a child his mother abandoned him and his four siblings.
The two met for the first time since the incident last week and embraced.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United.
A 15-year-old boy took to social media to post a vile, racist tweet.
The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…'
Wiltshire Police launched a probe after a fellow Twitter user complained.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in Kirkwood Community College's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Corey Jones said he suspects that Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters.
Jones, like Corum, will vote in his first presidential election next year.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear.
It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League last four.
Pep Guardiola's side were beaten 3-1 in the first leg in Portugal last week.
The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
Over 120 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Rolando Aarons may not play again this season after suffering another injury setback.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Waze allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles.
This includes accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
Police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire 15 rounds into the windshield of the suspects' vehicle.
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves.
But she knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her dog Holly.
After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension charges.
She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy.
Dr Altmann will oversee the Government’s pension reforms.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Stuart McCall donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the Bradford burns unit that cared for his father and so many others.
The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985.
The 69-year-old actress said she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
She said that the decade after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women.
Mirren was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds.
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan in 2011.
He is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
The West Australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a move back to his homeland Atletico Madrid.
The Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras.
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at UCLA Medical Center on Thursday, April 16.
The 68-year-old had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease.
Successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
After retiring, the 19-time All Star and six-time MVP starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Alessandra Ambrosio underwent the procedure on Tuesday.
She is currently being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood, Los Angeles.
The Brazilian supermodel was seen partying at the Coachella festival on Sunday.
Eddie Howe's Bournemouth sealed promotion to the Premier League.
The Cherries beat Bolton 3-0 on Monday night.
Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success as soon as he got to know him in 2002.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove to themselves.
The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Wandsworth council is set to remove the rule giving priority to siblings.
The rule will be removed even if the family has moved out of the catchment area.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
In the most oversubscribed areas, four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Police say that Kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward.
Officers gave Kelm a sobriety test, which indicated her alcohol content was three times the legal limit.
She was charged with DUI and booked into the Lake County jail; she has since been released on $1,000 bail.
Steven Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against Manchester United on March 22.
But Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Days earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August.
President Obama granted the CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US.
Without the waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike.
Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto, 39, were killed in a botched drone strike in January.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run by the US military and not the
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Lawes is unperturbed and emphasised his largely clean disciplinary record.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally.
Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on the.
head of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams were killed.
The car was strafed by police gunfire and its two unarmed occupants were killed after a high-speed chase over
Sleep Cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases.
It uses the phone's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase.
Over the course of the week, people in Finland get the most hours sleep - on a Saturday with eight hours and two minutes, on average.
Americans typically don't rise until 8:24am on Fridays and also report the best wake-up mood.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
It has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface.
The reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger.
'It’s unnervingly real,' said one commentator of the programme.
The robot was developed at a cost of around £55,931 by the Japanese labs.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
Yaya also managed to skillfully tease details about Obama's early reading habits, his post-presidency plans and his facility with digital media.
Anti-poaching activists rescued 40 crew members from the sinking ship.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker were taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded.
'What was incredibly strange was that the captain of the Thunder, when the vessel did actually sink, started applauding and cheering,' Captain Peter Hammarstedt said.
Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean.
The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK as well as in branches of Tesco in Scotland.
Later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker.
It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
The Niva is available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
UK is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West.
Reading had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford on a Monday.
The Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve.
Cole Skuse opened the scoring for Ipswich Town in the 29th minute.
Freddie Sears doubled the lead for Cardiff in the second half.
Daryl Murphy scored a third goal in the 90th minute to seal the win.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg went for a walk near her Santa Monica home.
The 15-year-old has not been seen since March 24.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has made a desperate plea for help.
She said: 'There's no getting through the day - there's no explaining it'
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy.
The 21-year-old Canadian lost both her singles matches to Romania's Alexandra Dulgheru and Andreea Mitu, ranked 104th.
Bouchard reached last year’s Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
MPs expenses watchdog launched bid to keep original claims secret.
But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all receipts and invoices.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published.
Case stems from Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010.
Instead of providing receipts, Ipsa sent back a typed-up summary of claims.
The incident took place in Padma Nagar in Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai.
The seven-year-old boy suffered 30 per cent burns to his body.
He is being treated at Thane Civil hospital, about 30 minutes away.
RSPCA inspectors were called to the house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They received numerous calls from residents who were worried about the animals.
Photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground.
Another picture shows a horse chained to the ground, with little room to move.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night.
Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
The Brazilian forward has been substituted in 15 of his 34 matches.
Barcelona are still top of La Liga, and challenging for a treble.
Arturo Vidal scored from the spot to give Juventus the lead in the second half.
Ricardo Carvalho had given away a penalty after colliding with Monaco's Aymen Abdennour.
Carvalho collided with the Juventus forward as he made his way towards goal.
Carlos Tevez, who has scored six goals in the Champions League, dropped off in search of the ball.
Charlie Patino and his parents must weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
The 11-year-old studies Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona.
There are no guarantees that Charlie, who is a season ticket holder at Luton with his dad, will make the grade when he eventually makes a decision.
Three people were arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair flight.
The flight was about to leave Britain for the Algarve.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane.
Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays to the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
They were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday night.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
Rangers face Raith in the Premiership play-off on Sunday.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum.
The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German has failed to score since arriving in Serie A in January.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Tom Ballard, 26, plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent.
Now her son Tom plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River.
He was thrown in with Angelika Graswald on Sunday evening.
She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner.
A waitress has revealed how John Key had given her unwanted attention.
She was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife.
Mr Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop.
But he defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service.
Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies: How to Fly for Free and How to Find Free Flights.
Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger.
The GIFs are created in the Camoji app.
Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
They can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan.
He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences.
Civil Guard officers in Alicante confirmed today they believe Monk may be implicated in the violent death and named him as an associate of Paul Scott.
Scott was arrested on a charge of conspiracy to import cocaine after being caught trying to sneak into Britain in a light aircraft last December.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
His intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
Mr Miliband accused the Tories of 'threatening the integrity of the United Kingdom' by talking up the prospects of Scottish nationalists in the May 7 General Election.
Two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes.
First incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week.
Four Iranian patrol boats with the country's elite Revolutionary Guards 'harassed a US-flagged merchant ship called the.
Maersk Kensington' as it moved along an established shipping route.
Just four days later, Iranian boats forced a Marshall.
Island ship, MV Tigris, to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots.
Chelsea quartet celebrated Thai New Year with kick-ups.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown took part.
The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion.
Brown scored twice as Chelsea won UEFA Youth League.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo, Chris Smalling and Marouane Fellaini have proved their worth.
The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault.
She struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by sexual harassment, tribunal found.
Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine addict and branded her 'Miss Bonkers'
Tribunal ruled she was a'resilient person' who had suffered 'disgraceful' harassment and victimisation by colleagues.
She was awarded £3.2million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon.
The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots.
Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect.
Figures show 617 youngsters aged under ten in West Midlands between 2009 and 2014.
They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year.
A nine-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe was stripped naked and sexually assaulted in woods near Calais.
She was driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants.
Mother, named only as Isabelle, 'heard her daughter's screams' as she was being taken away from outside her school but was unable to do anything.
Huminiski was banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who boasts of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris has brushed off claims that Mr Holpin uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex.
She said the two are 'crazy for each other' and it doesn't bother her that he's been married three times before.
Mr Holpin has been accused of playing computer games for up to 20 hours a day but Ms Morris insists he is a model fiance.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia.
It came with a light misty drizzle mixed with a strange black mud-like residue.
No official comments have been given on what caused the bizarre red sky.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 defeat at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup at the Stade de France.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury.
Judge Denzil Lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document.
She could gain greater control over her mother's money, he said.
The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville.
Judge said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs 'because of the intense acrimony between them'
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts.
LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands'
Hillary Clinton is expected to announce her presidential bid on Sunday.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was attacked in September last year, as he left his shop.
He broke into the dance made famous by South Korean artist Psy.
The 16-year-old attacker tried to stop the victim and ordered him to apologise.
Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the floor.
His mother, Kim, 43, said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
She said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' and would 'dance and sing all the time'
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
He allegedly targeted them during army interview and screening process.
Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas.
Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott has released a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday.
Ms Scott's sister describes their long-distance relationship while she lived in Wagga Wagga.
She describes the moment of their engagement in Thailand, and that it was 'the happiest moment' for the popular teacher.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well.
Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
Aidan Coleman rides The Druids Nephew at Aintree on Saturday.
Coleman stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty.
The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office on Friday night.
But police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
The news comes as Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman, 38, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
She was carrying their four-year-old daughter, India.
The model's lawyer said his client was 'creeped out' by her alleged encounter
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients.
Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family in Mosul, Iraq, last year.
She and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate.
Hanan is now recovering at the Shariya refugee camp in Dohuk Iraqi Kurdistan, where hundreds of other Yazidis have fled.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida, on Wednesday afternoon.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas said country had been 'running on empty' since February.
Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund.
EU leaders fear Syriza government will choose its workers, potentially pushing it out of the Eurozone and landing Europe with yet another crisis.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Bamford is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea.
The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney.
MK Dons teenager Dele Alli picked up the Young Player of Year award.
Leicester City's Kasper Schmeichel and Wes Morgan made Team of the Decade.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines.
They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding.
The SES is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of NSW over the next two days.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 at her Grafton, NSW home.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her home and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions.
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, but was banned from swimming in September.
The 29-year-old American will return to the pool in Arizona next week.
Phelps will compete at Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
Newport County striker admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault.
The 28-year-old admitted two incidents at Swindon Crown Court.
Ashton Taylor has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson.
The 21-year-old Perth student has undergone 15 brain surgeries.
Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson's cancer story.
Gibson was named Social Media Star of the Year Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards in 2014.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets.
The incident happened during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta Vigo.
Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday night.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
He even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations he is passing through.
Alan Barnes was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by beautician Katie Cutler.
Mr Barnes, 67, was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house.
He said it was 'fantastic' to finally be in the house after all this time.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play due to a dislocated shoulder.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The changes could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
A guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago.
The club decided to take action as soon as a defeat at Everton meant Champions League qualification was no longer possible.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four.
United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford – unacceptable.
Philippe Saint-Andre has struggled as head coach of Les Bleus.
He has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge.
The FFR launched the application process to find his replacement on Friday.
Candidates have until April 25 to declare their bid.
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams has lost only five sets on tour this season, two at the Australian Open, one in Indian Wells, and two in Miami.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - formed when up to 60 rebel factions merged to fight the Syrian regime.
It is a fierce enemy of both Islamist groups as well as Jabhat Al-Nusra, but embraces independent rebel forces and 'non-Jihadi' units.
The group, which operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus, is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia.
Roberto Cinti was driving the Ferrari 599 GTO when he mistook the throttle for the brake.
The driver ploughed through the shop front of the hotel in Anzio, south of Rome.
He blamed the car's semi-automatic transmission for bamboozling him.
Only 599 of the latest model of the supercar have been designated GTO.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a new propaganda video.
The 23-year-old has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil.
He is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
The Commission's investigation, opened in September 2012, had initially covered Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie is not fit enough to play for Louis van Gaal's side.
Van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating City in the derby.
United boss also ruled out a return for Luke Shaw.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year.
The TSA received an anonymous tip in November that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, the TSA only investigated in February.
A TSA supervisor told police that he saw the male employee 'give a signal' then after the screening device showed the anomaly 'conduct a pat down of the passenger's front groin and buttocks area'
David Nicholson, 48, accused of sending explicit messages to prostitute.
The married father-of-four is still under investigation by Ofstead.
He has resigned from The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County, Florida, on April 23, 1990.
Her badly decomposed remains, which consisted mostly just bones, had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered.
The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open, and police hope a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology with help them finally solve the murder.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored the opening goal for City at the Etihad.
James Milner was substituted after a rash challenge from Phil Jones.
Louis van Gaal blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they believe a private education is the best way to achieve it.
So desperate are they to get their son Craig – known to them as CJ – into a local prep school that they’ve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees.
They've also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers and pinned their hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday.
The result saw Napoli drop from third place to sixth in Serie A.
President Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat Mikaeel Kular for being sick and left him to die.
She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Fife.
Police Scotland launched an internal investigation into the claims.
At least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action.
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
They can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats.
Blueberries have been linked to a range of health benefits including heart health.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
Claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before Clinton announced her candidacy.
De Blasio has yet to back Clinton, despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her U.S. Senate bid in 2000.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus.
China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year.
Experts have said climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms.
But one European scientist pointed out that the number of dust storms over the decades has always been variable.
The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
The softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Lynne Abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate.
The 74-year-old former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
She sat out the rest of the debate as a doctor evaluated her backstage.
Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
Ipswich drew 1-1 with Wolves at Molineux on Saturday.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his players.
Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
Officer John Moynihan, 34, was shot in the face by Angelo West, 41.
West then fired at the other officers as he ran across the busy street.
Moynihan was released from the hospital Friday after weeks of recovery.
The Boston Police Department described his current condition as'serious but improving'
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB.
The former England team director is now running the England cricket academy at Loughborough.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side.
Only the ECB could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Scott McIntyre has been sacked over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' tweets.
The SBS football reporter condemned the commemoration of ANZAC Day on Twitter.
McIntyre also mocked the Anzac's landing on Turkey's Gallipoli peninsula.
SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke says Tories have become 'too right-wing' to win election outright.
Former Chancellor warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Mr Clarke served four years in David Cameron's Cabinet.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year’s absence.
The US Public Links champion opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
American amateur Byron Meth continues to impress at Augusta.
Kim and Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
Kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Michael O'Leary made the vow in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche.
He said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers.
Mr O’Leary said most European airlines have an average ticket price of €170.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset.
Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect, utopian idyll.
Inside the estate there is supposed to be no social classes, and schools, shops and places of work are all within a short walking distance.
Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the most decorated footballers ever.
The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Keith Cameron scammed his friend and neighbour out of £476,864.
The 54-year-old promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
His victim's family have been left facing the prospect of selling their home.
Bubba Watson is four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International.
Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
The American's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn.
Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick.
Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground.
She claimed she shot in self-defense because she saw him reach for a weapon.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home Thursday morning.
Police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute.
Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home.
The whereabouts of his wife are not known.
Geoff Barrow says Portishead were paid just £1,700 despite 34million plays.
Portishead founder says he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more.
He says it is hurting young talent, stopping them from establishing themselves on scene.
Jay Z launched his own streaming service, Tidal, this month.
Five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling.
They were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011.
His father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son's life support after several days in hospital.
Matt Henry, who was friends with Stuart, said there was a drug
The sperm whale is the largest toothed whale.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length, although most are less than 18 meters (60 ft)
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla.
There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
The Uruguayan has not impressed for PSG this season.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young talent he can mould.
Cavani has not scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
First Russian plane brings Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
Premier League and Football League will observe minute's silence.
Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for charity.
The fire tore through Valley Parade's main stand on May 11, 1985.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored a second-half winner for the hosts.
Cameron Jerome and Joao Teixeira scored for the Canaries.
The team bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff was shot at.
The driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, Trabzon governor Abdulcelil Oz said.
Security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit, averting an accident.
Crime victims in Bedfordshire and Devon are waiting up to a third longer.
In Essex and Kent, crime victims wait up to third longer for a response.
Labour's Yvette Cooper claimed victims of crime were being put at risk.
Number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image of herself pointing gun on Facebook.
She captioned image, in which she is seen beaming while holding deadly weapon.
Then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported.
Holmes, who lives in Virginia, has been charged with harassment by computer.
Facing Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and $2,500 fine.
Helaman Barlow was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah.
He says he acted on the orders of Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints leader Warren Jeffs.
Jeffs is serving life behind bars for marrying and having sex with two underage girls.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for her daughter Alice to go to school.
Alice's brothers Joel, Harri, and Ollie already attend the school in Middleton.
But she was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places this year.
Ms Whitehouse is planning to appeal Rochdale Council's decision.
One in ten children across Greater Manchester missed out on their first choice.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two other cubs.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild in Omsk.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed.
The footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire.
It backs up a recent study that seals have a penchant for young porpises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat.
And that far from scavenging on dead animals, they attack healthy creatures.
Although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, this is the first time they have been seen around Britain.
Divock Origi was voted the second most overrated player in France Football poll.
The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup.
Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and attacked.
He was found dumped on the side of the A3 in Kingston with life-threatening injuries.
His father Azz said: 'My heart is broken when I see my son like that'
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year.
70 per cent of women rely on pure chance while 47 per cent rely on pot luck.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
It will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £500 million staked globally by punters.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy.
She saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
Surgeons found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous.
Mrs Davies began six months of chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery and is now in remission.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for the hosts after 17 minutes.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled Juve's lead with his 26th goal of the season.
Sampdoria were held to a goalless draw by Cesena on Saturday.
A steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray on Sunday.
Gray, 25, died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Earlier in the day, a pastor at Gray's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody.
Some 34 people were arrested, according to Baltimore Police Department, and six police officers sustained minor injuries.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes.
She stumbled on the mirror and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone.
The two-way mirror allows anyone standing on the other side to secretly watch women use the toilet.
Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it.
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women were kidnapped by ISIS last year.
They have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions.
Others are seeking hymen surgery to'reverse loss of virginity'
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it senses when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush.
It can activate its integrated vacuum, which sucks it directly into the bin bag.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags, and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood'
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
'It's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' she said.
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles since before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
She says she discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
The pictures were taken over a four month period from April to July last year across Asia.
Mr Gable is already working on a new related project documenting corn production and after that, he plans to do a similar investigation of wheat.
Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, according to reports.
The 32-year-old is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews.
Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in California.
He was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe.
The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he drove it at 180mph in a 40mph zone on Isle of Man TT course.
Mr Martin said he reached the top speed as he entered the village of Sulby.
Police have confirmed they are looking into the incident which saw the racing driver allegedly going four times the speed limit.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by the travelling fans at every away game.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm.
Police have charged Steven Vander Briel, 30, with first-degree murder and abduction.
Briel was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot.
Mann is the daughter of a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County.
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25.
The 69-year-old was jailed in 1981 for ‘corrupting public morals’
The organisation is campaigning against what it sees as the ‘biased and unfair’ Independent Press Standards Organisation.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with'
Miami Herald columnist, Lesley Abravanel, said Brandt, 65, had been 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Supermodel Liya Kebede fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue.
The 39-year-old stunner is the first black woman to grace the cover in five years.
British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover in January.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask.
The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'
He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta.
Condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body.
She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday - and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF)
Will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records.
Sceptics claim adjustments are usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards.
Panel will also examine 'extrapolations' - when records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
Its dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire yesterday.
Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out.
The 68-year-old former US President says he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality.
Mrs Clinton is expected to launch her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
Mr Clinton has previously sparked controversy on his wife's campaign trail, including remarks about President Obama's 2008 campaign being a 'fairytale'
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in China.
This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
'Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details.
Human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour investigated allegations of organ harvesting of Falun Gong practitioners.
The damning evidence they uncovered
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
The researchers were able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them, which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers, by promoting
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account.
Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online.
Blackpool's recent history has been entrenched in bitter disputes off the pitch.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland on Wednesday.
The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks, attending rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina’s birthday earlier in the week.
New York Magazine called the show 'badly written' and 'frustrating,' while the New York Times said the production is 'largely made up of empty calories'
The copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
They say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage.
The find suggests the village of Saltford was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in 2011.
Her carer, Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping her commit suicide.
She is accused of helping Ms Forde buy and administer a toxic substance.
Ms Forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after a car accident.
In a recording, she said: 'I just can't live with his anymore. It's just my life is s**t... everything is just a nightmare'
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Teenagers detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands.
A 39-year-old man also held on suspicion of fundraising for terrorism.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before driving.
He was seen speeding through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, court heard.
Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines.
Hendry, who played for Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City, must travel on his bike.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The Manchester United striker has scored one Premier League goal this season.
Wilson said he would take Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
The three dogs were captured in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina.
A Husky called Sky, a Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a Spaniel named Marshall all howl.
The trio then take their positions on their make-shift stage.
Photographs show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen.
Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting.
But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear.
Photographer Olga Barantseva said: 'We wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears'
Taken in the capital Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
Although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies, the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in Sheffield Hallam.
Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
But a poll by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new stance with Graham Gooch.
But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it.
The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007.
His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump.
SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament.
Ms Sturgeon believes the coalition's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the SNP's hand.
But Labour leader Ed Miliband tonight insisted he would not do any deals with the SNP.
Newcastle United host Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games.
Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute.
Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by protests.
People paying around £150 a week to live in flats in Mayfair and Covent Garden.
They are owned by housing associations and are now worth several million.
Under Conservative plans tenants could get chance to own their own homes.
People living in these plush properties could get discounts of up to £102,000.
Housing Associations have opposed the proposals to sell their costly buildings at discounted prices.
Aaron Cook has had his citizenship change ratified.
The 24-year-old has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Cook has received a Moldovan passport and will compete for them at Rio 2016.
Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the FA Cup on Saturday afternoon.
Philippe Coutinho believes winning the cup would save their season.
The Reds are seven points adrift of fourth in the Premier League.
Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster.
SsangYong is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle.
Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range.
There's also a five-year unlimited mileage warranty.
Eni Mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended David Marshall while out jogging.
Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer.
Premier League and FA clash over FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Match attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million, over treble the 2m rating for the PL game on Sky.
Sky and BBC blame each other for their respective rights holders, Sky and the BBC.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
Sky Sports has now suggested an alternative schedule for the televised match.
Rangers drew 1-1 with Livingston in the Scottish Championship on Wednesday.
Hibs hit out at the decision, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday.
Today, his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health.
Al Douri, 72, headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen.
She told medics she believed she was in labour and was prepared to deliver child.
But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Doctors carried out an operation to remove the tumour from the woman's uterus.
Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Ms Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into forced marriage.
She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
But local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family.
Miss Jolie helped produce the film and it was screened last year.
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool against Sheffield Wednesday in 1998.
Harry Kane has matched Owen's best-ever Premier League season total.
Kane's 22 goals in 40 appearances in the Premier League beats Owen's 20.
No player had ever won the Player of the Month award three consecutive times.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
He chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
Keeley launched chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her.
Barristers had to step in to break up the pair and Keeley was jailed for two years.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester.
The England and Lions flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder.
Croft missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday afternoon.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Children as young as eight banned from attending British mosque over'safety' fears.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon.
Parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and expressed 'grave concerns' about the teaching of Islam.
Sally Cox, 39, stopped her son Jed Pearce, 10, from going on the visit.
She said: 'I don't want him to go because they are a violent religion and many of them have guns'
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice and rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg.
Then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days.
On the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about their relationship in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20' on Friday.
The pair first met when she was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and she was his teacher.
After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together.
She also has four children from a previous marriage.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea.
Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways would say how close the two planes came to each other.
However a Resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision.
Both carriers insist safety was not compromised.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
She accused her of having an affair with her partner.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at a club.
The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Dundee in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match.
The defender blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival in Yining County in north Xinjiang.
The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights.
She says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
The actress says that it's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights.
Daniel, five, makes unwitting admission to be broadcast tonight on ITV.
It is the fourth time Miliband has wheeled out his children for the cameras.
The comment was made during an ITV interview in which the Milibands cook eggs.
But the move somewhat backfires as eldest son tells camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox wants to emulate Manchester United's Class of '92.
Wilcox was let go by his current employers as a teenager.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard scored a career-best 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
Stephen Curry had 24 points, but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting by Leonard.
Houston overcame Russell Westbrook's 11th triple-double of the season to beat Oklahoma City 115-112.
Steven Gaydos, 25, was driving in a suspended license when he ran a stop sign near Houston in December 2012.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, pursued him for nearly 40 miles before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car.
Gaydos then raised his hand and pulled over and Martinez suddenly leaped out at him, kicked him and knocked him to the ground.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death if they have their ovaries removed.
The 39-year-old actress had the procedure, known as an oophorectomy, in March.
Two years before, she had a double mastectomy as she carries the gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer.
Researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes.
Shirley Temple's ex-husband John Agar tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'
Other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense and called her a'very courageous woman of the highest morals'
Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) is a severe form of morning sickness.
It causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the condition.
HG affects about one in 100 expectant mothers a year.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
Victoria, 41, wore heels to cheer on her son Romeo, 12, in the children's marathon.
Accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of Alaïa Boots.
The Spice Girl wore them for a flight to London from LA last week.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over.
Picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in Brazil.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.
It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign.
Jared Quirk, 18, fell to the ground in Athens, Greece, on Friday.
He was walking with friends from Rockland High School in Massachusetts.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died in hospital.
It is the third death of Quirk in the past six months.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy.
Among the feel-good experiences were said to be fresh sheets and popping bubble wrap.
Read this idiotic list made me extremely depressed.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style.
Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles, which was the case when he was at Wigan when they were in relegation battles every season.
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula said that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples.
She revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture, that she decided to include furniture assembly in therapy sessions.
A smaller unit like a Nornäs coffee table won't put too many demands on your relationship, but it's a different story for a large wall unit like the $1,199 Liatorp unit.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
It claims the moon is debris left over following an indirect collision between our planet and an astronomical body.
Theia could have, coincidentally, been isotopically similar to young Earth.
Scientists at the Israel Institute of Technology and Southwest Research Institute in Colorado said that Theia actually had a similar composition to Earth.
James Rodriguez puts Real Madrid ahead with a stunning left-footed volley.
Cristiano Ronaldo doubles the lead with a second-half strike.
Almeria's Javier Hernandez equalises just before half-time.
Real Madrid have scored 21 goals in their last four games against Almeria.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers, and the car drove off.
Adkins was charged with menacing, a fourth-degree misdemeanor.
Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger.
The Saints midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Wanyama joined Southampton from Celtic for £12.5million in 2013.
He is expected to leave the club in the summer.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Radamel Falcao has endured a frustrating season on loan at Manchester United.
The striker has scored just four times for United since his loan move.
But Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev said they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season.
Under the terms of the original loan United would have to pay £43.5m for the forward.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world’s finest athletes.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga.
The Rack City rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
Tyga has been making headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it.
Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday.
The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Meanwhile, the Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.
He has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
His parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, decided to marry at his bedside.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get permission from Archbishop of Canterbury.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to attract top players.
The former Manchester United defender believes a star player will always choose City.
Neville believes City need to be bold and take on UEFA's FFP regulations.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him with Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album.
Each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
They build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors.
Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam.
The Flash Pack photographer captured a man casually puffing on a cigarette and carrying what looks like more than 20 live chickens.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho scored his seventh goal of the campaign.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side have to do better in the big games.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
Lubitz flew plane into mountainside, killing all 150 people on board.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27.
She said: 'I cannot hate or blame someone for being sick'
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page.
Her comments drew wide publicity after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt.
A letter was sent on Friday to faculty and staff members at Immaculata High School in Somerville saying Jannzzi had been reinstated.
Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them across busy high street and dashed to help them across.
But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office.
They stayed for the morning, wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls.
Restaurateurs in Italy are angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet.
The row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
A top pizza chef described the advert 'blasphemy' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald's of a'shameful' attack.
Patrick Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
He was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say.
Fredricksen has now been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning.
One person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but provided no details.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine.
Cubs spokesman Julian Green said that 'we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods'
A 4WD has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west.
Three of the four children have died and one remains in a serious condition.
Police believe that all the children are under the age of six.
The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Children's Hospital.
A police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that officers are yet to interview the woman involved.
Adrian Schaffner was skiing in the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair.
He brought his dog Sintha along with him for a day of skiing.
The dog appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into a hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing with her sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10, when she fell.
Doctors told her parents: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises.
Now, she can eat solid food for the first time in her life.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
Users have the option to search for any information about the striker.
The website has no affliation with the Paris Saint-Germain No 10.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off.
The 43-year-old was the youngest ever television commentator on a World Cup final when he covered the 1998 edition for Eurosport.
He has worked for the BBC since 2004.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions.
The firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within Northampton.
If results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods.
Mole Urban project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns.
Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment.
Now, experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for you.
There may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu.
Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face, the screen automatically unlocks.
This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen.
Apple's proposed system would
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their tour match.
Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before England declared with 320 lead.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for a work out.
Adil Rashid outperformed James Tredwell to be England's Test spinner.
Aaronessa Keaton was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child.
Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children.
One of the children later died from their injuries.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb.
He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby was allowed to touch his mother for the first time, 10 days after his birth.
China National Tourism Administration to start tracking behaviour abroad.
Police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted.
They are hoping strict measures will encourage Chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down.
The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, had emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma (a surgically created opening in the abdomen) and a bag.
She reveals all about what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Sign has been erected outside a university building in Portugal Place.
It warns bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind.
Sign has grammatical errors, according to one expert.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
Sheallegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack.
Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder.
Lawyers for both Americans said they rejected premeditated charges.
Yaphet Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
Kotto said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct'
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running to be named as Daniel Craig's successor.
An unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake.
The plug in question was from a sanitised ice bath that is used to wash lettuce and tomatoes.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night when his mate blasted his back open.
'All of a sudden I heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot,' he said.
Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left.
The keen hunter has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital on Monday.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy.
This energy is used throughout the day, and stored for when the sun goes down.
Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can use their stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again.
The system comes in different sizes ranging from the Sonnensperher 300, which is 4.8 kWh, to the.
Solder 600 at 8.06 kWh up to the 1000 model which offers 13.44 kWh.
Prices start at €8,450 (£6,170)
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Kerry said Iran needs to recognise that the US is not going to stand by while the region is destabilised.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.
She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter.
Store owner Eve Cope accused officers of giving a 'green light' to shoplifters.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo to DOJ employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes.
His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out five-point rise in corporation tax.
He was also evasive about 40p rate of income tax, into which millions have been dragged.
Businesses are already concerned about Labour's stated plans not to cut corporation tax as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
Orlando City host Portland Timbers at Providence Park on Sunday.
Kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season.
The former AC Milan midfielder posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram.
John and Carolyn Jackson are accused of abusing their three foster children over a period of years.
They also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family.
That child, now in his teens, is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution.
The trial marks the second go-round for the Jacksons, whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one child had died.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states.
They were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Since 2000, several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
Hang collaborated with fashion blogger Margaret Zhang for the runway show.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad.
The 23-year-old is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the American south.
Ansari is part of a young England squad picked with the 2019 World Cup in mind.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park, Georgia.
One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit her son, Pierre.
Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from other boy.
When first responders arrived at scene, Pierre was lying unconscious on floor.
He was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged.
Tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
Collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years.
The Queen declared herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before.
Other documents shown to the Queen touch on some of the most important events in history, among them the American War of Independence.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for tackling Leicester forward Laurence Pearce.
The Tongan number eight had been warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
Leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points.
It was the first time the Welsh had led at half time in the Premiership this season.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.
Photographer Julian John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs.
The four 350-ft tall minarets are lit up in dramatic style against the cloudy skies in one of the photographer's incredible shots.
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy Logan Square neighborhood.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds.
Custodio was taken to a local hospital for treatment.
Police have not yet released a motive for the shooting.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years.
She has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image, according to the New York Times.
Ms Schake helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' who shops at retail outlets, does'mom dancing' and even has a Twitter account.
The former aide is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state, Hillary Clinton - elected president.
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away.
New observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
The original Hubble Space Telescope image of the famous Pillars of Creation was taken two decades ago and immediately became one of its most famous and evocative pictures.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde.
Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death.
The recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face up to 8 years in prison.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years.
They say there has been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS.
Ambulance response times for most serious call-outs will rise.
500,000 fewer older people will receive social care.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers.
He was shot dead by a crackunit from the Australian SAS in 2008.
Donaldson was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in Afghanistan.
Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in Perth, Western Australia.
The soldier who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord works as a training commander.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,700 after splitting from her ex-husband Michael.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with marble fireplace.
The master suite comes with it's own wet room and has a marble fireplace and a living flame fire.
Once the sale is completed she plans to move back into her family home, a five-bedroom mansion in
Rafa Benitez has reached his seventh major European semi-final in 12 seasons.
Napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a European competition.
Benitez guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005, his first season at the club.
The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has been linked with a return to England.
Daniel Agger has been banned for two games after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen.
The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen.
Match officials took no action during the game, which finished in a goalless draw.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
The 25-year-old offered her money to spend the night with him - which she declined - and then accepted a £30,000 offer from a newspaper to sell her story.
Rojo's identity in the case was originally held back as a 'Premier League footballer'
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria.
Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
It will be buoyant, so if he somehow finds himself in the sea, he will be able to float until he is rescued.
Mr Bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but, if the iceberg were to flip, the whole thing flips over.
As an iceberg melts, its centre of mass
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
One television network mocked up what 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders.
The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
Chelsea take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday.
The Blues beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday.
They will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland, after the win.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Femail writer Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday)
The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women.
The Primeknit fabric is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
At £130, the shoes only offer value for money if you intend to run in them often.
Custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its owner £400million.
It was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period.
The jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers.
But this version was built for just a single tycoon, although he will be able to fit dozens of guests.
Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office.
The jeans designer previously went into administration in 2011.
She is also in the process of writing a'motivational' book charting her career.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from streets.
The 31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He would set traps to kill strays and occasionally even people's pets.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed him a fine of just £200.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range' just in time for the birth of the royal baby.
The range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
Asked on BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm there would be 'no more changes'
Tories would not cut benefits for disabled or pensioners, he said.
Kady Marsh was in Melbourne for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla, she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
‘I said: "Oh no, she's only seven-weeks-old. She's just a tiny baby, that's ridiculous,"’ Kady said.
'He said we couldn't be there and told me
Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
His mother Stacy Maitai had to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time.
The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round.
Jordan Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow American.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Johnson.
Tiger Woods shot a commendable 69; his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs around the par-three course.
Horan got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while Tiger Woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years.
Trinity Culley, 10, secretly watched the baby-birthing programme.
Her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule.
Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old was also exposed on Sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe.
Sterling could now face disciplinary action after his second indiscretion.
Nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel dizzy.
Henry Howes was playing the game at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffordshire.
Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy, he put his hand inside the machine's hatch.
But when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was trapped.
His nine-year-old brother Harvey witnessed the accident and alerted staff.
It took workers half an hour to free the boy from the machine.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is scared his son's convicted killer, Kamron Taylor, will go after him after his daring prison break.
Taylor, 23, was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr, 21.
Authorities believe someone may be helping Taylor hide.
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's arrest.
Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show.
She said she turned to drugs after losing weight on Young Divas.
Says she was out of control and took anything she could get her hands on.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders handed his rival his first career defeat.
Now the pair are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9.
Eubank will be making the first defence of his WBA interim belt.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
When George Osborne reduced it to 45p, Labour railed against what it has ever since called a'millionaires' tax cut'
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity.
She also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother.
Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses'
High school friend Chelsey Whild said a further $2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach.
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron and Gerard Butler.
She reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes.
Within months, she was topping the charts with Single Ladies.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women.
The 50-year-old used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Her father, Stephen Pasceri, 55, was killed January 20, leaving behind his wife, Dr Terri Halperin, daughters Kate, 10, Live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, Graham.
Pasceri's relatives suggested that he was angry over the death of his mother, whom Dr Davidson had treated.
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old McDonald's worker over her order of fries.
The mother, from Sydney, said outside court on Thursday: 'We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups'
Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.
She stayed silent through Thursday's court appearance.
Stephen Gilbert was campaigning for re-election in Cornwall this morning.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7.
George Kirby and Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry.
They first met 27 years ago in 1988 and have seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
On their wedding day, the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days.
The current Guinness World Record for the oldest newly married couple belongs to Francois Fernandez and Madeleine Francine.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen.
Just two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page.
It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl disappeared in June, 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban.
He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress
Veronica 'Roni' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Four were killed instantly in the collision.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Veronica lost a leg and remained unconscious in critical condition yesterday.
Vassilis is the boatman at the Eagles Palace, a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast.
Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
The hotel is an awarded member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World group.
Dozens of workers at Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were protesting pay and conditions at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile factory.
They were paid 62p an hour to make 'This Is What A Feminist Looks Like' T-shirts.
Police charged at them, hitting them with batons, before dragging them away.
One Bangladeshi worker said: 'I'm really scared I'll be deported as well'
Jordan Spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life.
The 21-year-old held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time.
He is the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years.
Sales of Manny Pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared 10 times.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales.
Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets are on sale.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow was suspended for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal's website.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently flew in under the radar'
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried.
A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force' but later increased to 12 years following an appeal.
Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him so that her first daughter could live a shame-free life in the Afghan
Tina Campbell paid £100 for hair extensions in a bid to look glamorous.
But she was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils.
She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council.
Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing on Friday.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found in bushland near Lake Eildon.
He was suffering from dehydration and hypothermia when he was found.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
The last two 'Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' presented the Congressional Gold Medal to the National Museum of the US Air Force on Saturday.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease.
Firefighter Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp.
During the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'
Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis also wasn't shy about standing up for herself.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year.
It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket.
Experts believe people are buying the books and magazines, because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March.
It was his 14th win at Arsenal and the first time he has won the award.
Manchester United's Alex Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all.
Wenger's win means Arsenal now have 14 overall, the same as Liverpool.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
Mr Fraser said he regularly works as a master of ceremonies at social functions but always gives 10 per cent of his fee to the Motor Neuron Association.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Paul Pogba has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved insists the midfielder will not be moving.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, Illinois was born with cerebral palsy.
She hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos.
The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, was given 5 years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths teacher.
He says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from his colleagues and students at UCL.
The Italian model, who has a PHD, is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from a paddle board.
Darcy's mother Tara Rae-Maxwell had previously claimed her son was 'petrified' of water.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London.
He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US.
The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
While racism may appear rife in the US, a separate study found that overall, Western countries are the most accepting of other cultures.
Brian and Amanda Bayers are heartbroken after accidentally killing their son Jackson in February.
Brian Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
When the front wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle.
Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She died last month after stepping in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland.
Doris Fuller, mother of Natalie, said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known'
First time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
The figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy.
They are also a major blow to Tony Blair's claim that leaving the EU would cause'significant damage to our economy'
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante.
The 24-year-old has impressed for Caen this season.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the midfielder.
Poppy Moore married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday.
The 23-year-old wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses.
Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move.
As the goldfish circles the bowl, he realises he will never see Top again and tears start brimming in his eyes.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, has pulled out of regional elections in France.
He infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed she would seek the party’s nomination.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Police say Hubers shot Poston six times inside his Highland Heights, Ohio, condominium.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
In an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
The Dutchman has taken United back to where they wanted to be.
Ashley Young has been arguably United's best player this season.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday and was charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor.
The school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations and the Danbury Police Department's Special Victims Unit launched a seven-week investigation.
Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have launched a bid to buy Leeds United.
Cellino said majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering an offer.
Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer from Red Bull.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
But Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody with their children.
Malik, a member of the banned UK extremist group al-Mujahiroun, was pictured at a protest outside the Lebanese embassy in London in May last year holding a pro-ISIS poster.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza.
Dropped to 12 stone in less than two years and is looking forward to her own wedding.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking a woman for her looks and social status.
The mother-of-three left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, VA, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.
She issued an apology on Twitter, but did not approach the woman directly.
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
A two-litre bottle of Coca Cola also tops the charts in Australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than New York.
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates.
But the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final first-leg.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
Big-spending City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars over the last few transfer windows.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, born when he was 73.
Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter.
Donald says the physical effort of coping with young children can be demanding.
He takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
The video has received mixed reviews on YouTube, although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour in the satire.
One viewer said: 'Kind of offended by this, definitely not entertained. Pretty poorly thought out satire'
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their mansion.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February.
She cut a striking figure in March in a Stella McCartney dress.
The sleeveless shift featured a see-through mesh design on both sides.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
The duplex has two levels, five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens.
Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated when her dog Ben was stolen.
She put posters up near her home but received a call threatening to cut up the dog.
The caller gave the address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she handed to police, who are now investigating.
Men, women and children were seen huddled together on the fringe of the execution site in Ghanzi, eastern Afghanistan.
They were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery, but were found guilty by an Islamic court.
Hundreds of locals had gathered in the rural province in eastern Afghanistan to witness today's events.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar are back in contention.
Steven Davis a doubt for Southampton with groin injury.
Fraser Forster out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery.
Jay Rodriguez could be back from long-term knee problem in four to five weeks.
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'
The Harrow School-educated biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
De Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
PayPal boss Peter Thiel donated £2.4 million to de Grey's anti-ageing institute.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
The ECB want to 'create a culture' in which captain Alastair Cook had 'the full support of all players'
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness.
He moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current watch.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between his home and the church and placed inside over a course of a few days four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper.
Major Draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral in Woolwich, south-east London.
Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales.
A year later they were engaged and Miss West is set to run the London Marathon.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesn't bring you happiness.
A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, Jean Paul Getty III, never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping.
Velella velella are covered by thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures.
They are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington.
The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they decompose.
The Justice Department announced Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray.
Gray, 25, suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van.
Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name.
Fred Hatch, 76, was beaten to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
She found blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten.
Alan Rogers, 73, was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released.
His sister Betty Elston was murdered on a beach in Sully in 1971.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, attempted to pelt Israeli police with stones.
The bemused officers calmly watched as the child launched his own assault.
Incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis in the second round.
The Canadian top seed has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman says his players must focus on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview.
Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland with several questions outstanding.
All the
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
Bobby Moore, Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters wore the kit.
West Ham will return to Umbro kits for their final season at Upton Park.
Belardo beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in the colt.
Varian has an interesting Derby trial contender in Newbury maiden winner Intilaaq.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
The world champion will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round.
Maflin lost 6-3 to Selby in the semi-final of the China Open.
Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his 'three to watch'
Labour leader will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the EU.
He will accuse David Cameron of ‘taking Britain to the edge of European exit’
Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe.
But he will say it is ‘very unlikely’ there will be a transfer of powers.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay, by 1% with Labour’s Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Using a technique called high resolution melt curve analysis (HRMA), researchers can now identify the difference between each twin.
HRMA subjects the DNA to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature.
The more hydrogen bonds that are present in the DNA, the higher the temperature required to melt them.
This could be caused
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday.
Spurs lead the NBA's Southwest Division by half a game.
Memphis pulled even with Houston by routing New Orleans 110-74.
Atlanta completed a season sweep of Brooklyn by winning 114-111.
No 1 seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff.
Visitors can feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet.
It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
The changes came as a result of feedback from soldiers.
Highly unpopular regulations that went into effect in March 2014 banned tattoos below the knee or elbow.
Under those regulations, any soldier with tattoos was barred from seeking apromotion to warrant officer or commissioning as an officer.
Richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form.
His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa has been invited to ring the New York Stock Exchange opening bell.
The 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for New York City FC.
Lucy Garrod, 27, developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion.
It was caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree.
But she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
Tests show Avastin gives women around four months’ extra life.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund until it is considered for routine NHS use.
Salvina Formosa has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week.
NSW Health's community-based program Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life.
He was said by his manager to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
Actor Ray Romano, 57, who worked with Sawyer for nine years, said he was 'terribly saddened, by the news'
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
The 20-year-old and Ibe were pictured during a visit to a Shisha cafe in London earlier this season.
David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, were harassed.
Their sister Anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday.
He spent an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise.
The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia.
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
Mother-of-two, who is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models, models new collection.
Terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'
Those who pass will be released immediately and kept in prison until they pass.
Anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently says sanctions are 'volatile and changeable'
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday.
The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Australia dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Absolutely not.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
But the England captain couldn't push on to that all-important hundred.
Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific.
He has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma.
He was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, in Kings Cross on January 3.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Mr Lyttle agreed to plead guilty.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
The company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
The positive test happened at a Kroger in Port Huron, Michigan.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week.
Claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents.
Said that Norway's Child Protection Service was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children seen as a'sought-after commodity'
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth.
This means larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example.
But the calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect.
Their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas, went missing from their home in rural Dublin, Virginia on March 22.
His body was found in a septic tank near the family home.
White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister.
Labour's Chuka Umunna said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race'
He said Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism'
Ukip leader dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in South Thanet constituency.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote Madidi national park.
A tree toppled onto her during a storm in north-west Bolivia.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world.
Her parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods.
Wesley Burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at KPFA in Berkeley, California, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home.
Burton had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9.
Psychiatrist David Healy says the myth that low levels of serotonin are responsible for depression is a myth.
He suggests that the success of so-called SSRI drugs is based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream truck business in Gloversville'
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm.
The Atletico Madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with the Real Madrid defender.
Mandzukaic has moved to play down the controversy, tweeting: 'There is no controversy, no bite, no nothing'
Thomas Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
He is accused of robbing 18 Dover businesses from September 2014 to February 2015.
Police say Jenkins cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled.
Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
Pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year, it has been suggested.
Experts at Johns Hopkins University presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability, predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up.
The QPR striker scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Rooney is poised to overtake Sir Bobby Charlton as the greatest goal-scorer in England’s history.
Harry Kane and Daniel Sturridge are also ahead of Austin.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, has quit her $475,000-a-year position at Angelo Gordon & Co.
Official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
Christie's family tax returns show that his wife earns almost three times as much as him.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact.
Maajid Nawaz was jailed in Egypt for his commitment to the group.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light.
They claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice.
The video has prompted an investigation into the officers' conduct.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in March 2013.
In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty.
The couple exchanged a number of letters with the council over the next two years with the row escalating from an initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal.
Discussions were scheduled to cease at Midnight on Tuesday if Iran was still unwilling to agree to terms set forth by Russia, China, Britain
Ms McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of 2,436.
She has demanded that Ed Miliband condemns the'scurrilous' campaign.
The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals.
Tim Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season.
He brought in Mauricio Pochettino, ending Sherwood's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,600 tweets.
The 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendra Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population.
Only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels.
'The culture has shifted away from rural areas where most of the halls are, but what we see is that these cultures are foundational to what Texans are and what Texas is,' said Patrick Sparks, board president of Texas Dance Hall Preservation.
Ben Flower was handed a six-month ban for his attack on Lance Hohaia.
The Wigan Warriors forward was the first man to be sent off in the Grand Final.
Flower is preparing to return to rugby league but is mentally scarred.
Sergi Barjuan has been named as Almeria's new manager.
The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner.
Leutner survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But a judge ruled Friday that she is a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Education Secretary says Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea'
She would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to Tories.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on Eurosceptic party.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector.
He discovered a medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph.
The medal is thought to have belonged to his brother, Lewis 'Bunny' Bidduli.
Mr Manzie posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum.
It led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Frederick's great-nephew.
Stephen Norton says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend.
Sean Meade, 45, was 'dumped' and had to woo a new woman.
Site now says Mr Meade moved from one woman's house to the next.
Mr Meade said: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life'
Sammy Griner, from Jacksonville, Florida, is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme.
His mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by Liverpool fans.
He has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable.
Sterling's ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked.
His character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
She's quickly gained a cult following with celebs like Lupita Nyong’o and Rachel Bilson spotted wearing her feminine and whimsical pieces.
The study was spawned by the Aurora, Colorado, mass shooting in 2012.
The average cost to taxpayers for a single gun homicide in America is nearly $400,000.
For each homicide caused by a gun, the largest direct cost is prison, which costs about $414,000 for each person who committed the crime.
There are 32 of these paid out every day.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the Champions League quarter-final in 2005.
The match was stopped because of flares thrown on the pitch.
AC Milan are 15 points off Champions League pace in ninth.
Inter are a point and place further behind in Serie A.
Michael Gridley, 26, orchestrated a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from Asda.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken.
Gridley was jailed for 12 months for his leading role in the scam.
But he managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Green Party pledges £90bn a year spending splurge on everything from prescriptions to organic school dinners for all.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent.
Party also pledges to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways.
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith dismissed the claims as 'unverified'
He insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
But independent food bank organisation warned that such figures could be misleading.
Katie Hopkins used language similar to Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide.
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said article reflective of 'nasty underbelly of racism' in increasing number of EU countries.
Comes as migrant boat tragedies in Mediterranean escalate.
More than 1,750 people have died this year making perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014.
EmbryoScope technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life.
Images show the first cell division in the creation of their IVF baby, Pixie.
A tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process.
It also allows experts to select the best possible embryos.
This narrows a mother’s chance of miscarrying.
Amos Chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone.
Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property.
Mr Chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
Tracy Stratton claims her autistic daughter Tianni was bullied.
Seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking.
A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added.
Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho reveals that he talks to God every day, but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said that he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea.
Ashton Wood launched a campaign to destroy his Jeep Cherokee last year.
He raised $18,000 online to help him destroy the car which he claimed had 21 separate mechanical problems.
The car company requested he apologise for criticising them.
Mr Wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to Jeep on national television tonight.
It will be read out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them.
Claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted'
But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity'
This is in stark contrast to response given to MailOnline hours before.
Met finally released the pictures late on Saturday afternoon, while The Mirror could sell them to a number of other national titles.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads.
The FA chairman is facing opposition from the Premier League.
Dyke also wants to change the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21.
Only 81 of the 220 Premier League starters in the last round of matches were eligible for England selection - a fairly pitiful 36.8 per cent.
Marseille beat PSG 2-1 in the Ligue 1 clash on Easter Sunday.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for the visitors after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
But the visitors twice had to come from behind to see off their fierce rivals.
Dale Forrest, 26, would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
He decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself on Facebook.
In December 2013, he gave up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways.
Dale has lost 10.5 stone and is now taking part in a charity boxing match.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing'
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week.
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
England's top order collapsed in the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England.
Joe Root and Ben Stokes added 177 for the fourth wicket.
The last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium was in 2009.
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own.
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old winger was the subject of enquiries from Tottenham earlier in the year.
Valencia and Chelsea have also watched the winger.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and recipes for bombs in his flats in Edinburgh.
He pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act.
Police found dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb.
The equipment was found purely by chance after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round India in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament's eighth edition.
The final takes place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24.
MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum is one of the most exciting players in world cricket at the moment.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks with ankle ligament injury.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, PSG and Barcelona are also in the market.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday.
Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.
The puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
But by the time they arrived three hours later, they found empty terminal.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, called the lack of security 'ludicrous'
He said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid.
The creatures were found at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram.
The 29-year-old Sports Illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
She says: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
He defrauded the taxman of £450,000 but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m.
Khan built himself a vast estate in Pakistan modelled on Buckingham Palace.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang has been linked with a move to West Ham.
The 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by Spain.
Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or.
The Chelsea defender has been learning his trade with Gary Cahill and John Terry.
Zouma hopes to emulate World Cup winner Marcel Desailly.
Ben Flower did not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Heling Pitt and Jolie take over the vineyard was Marc Perrin, a famous Provence winemaker.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
Firefighters had to remove her from her specially-adapted flat yesterday.
At the height of the operation, neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane.
It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way.
The young woman has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13.
She decided to expand her family after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to Freya in 2008 aged 57.
Now seven, Freya has often asked her mother if she could have a sibling.
Google claims latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London.
It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
The company owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.
Qatar’s royal family is also planning their own British palace in the capital.
Richard Lapointe, a former dishwasher, was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
The former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
Lapointe opted for a dark T-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words 'I didn't do it'
He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called.
He collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray’s wedding.
Murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby.
The 31-year-old joined the Rams on loan from Aston Villa in January.
Bent has been out of favour with Paul Lambert and Steve McClaren.
Tim Sherwood is now in charge at Villa Park and Bent could still return.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured images of the Colima volcano in Mexico.
The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano first erupted in 1576 and is one of the most active volcanoes in the country.
He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere before capturing the rare picture.
Scientists have confirmed that small volcanic eruptions have been protecting the Earth from global warming.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
The seminar claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The idea is that, once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 Fahrenheit, you can ‘conquer the other fires of your life with ease’
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'
But she told him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Tushingham was given a 26-week sentence suspended for 12 months.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series.
Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors regrouped from an early deficit to down the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 21-year-old midfielder has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Charles Taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, on April 4.
Taylor's suspected partner in crime, Sean Ball, 32, was also facing charges in Charles Taylor's death.
Police say Taylor turned on Ball as the two were fleeing police.
The mother of two also faces federal attempted murder, assault and weapons charges in North Carolina.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Derby County are targeting Real Madrid coach Paul Clement.
Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves.
The 42-year-old has established a reputation as one of Europe's leading coaches.
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after 13 games without a win.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor.
The 51-year-old worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to drum up support before May 7.
Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people.
Mr Clegg has flown down a zipwire at a Go Ape park, tested the water at Bath Spa, planted flowers in Newtown and painted a picture at a nursery in Sheffield.
Food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too, from pulling pints in a Bath pub, to sipping cocktails in the sun in Southampton.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark in shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Fish are thought to gain many benefits from shoaling behaviour, such as keeping safe from predators as well as boosting their chances of feeding and finding a mate.
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.
He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
It emerged in 2012 that he had been having an affair with his biographer.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face.
The 63-year-old claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient.
A medical tribunal will decide whether he should be struck off the register.
Professor Peckitt has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients.
Vitamin E found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate stress on immune cells.
Oxidative damage has been implicated in the cause of many diseases.
External factors, such as pollution, sunlight and smoking, also trigger the production of free radicals.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
When her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
She said not enough was being done to monitor the number of injuries.
April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes.
Ilha de Mana is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
It boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
Each guest room has incredible views of the bay of Angra dos Reis, where the island is protected from the open ocean.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again.
His sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him, and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive.
The Fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, winning plaudits from critics and the audience alike.
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train.
The train was bought specifically for the epic scene at $22,000 per carriage.
Director Andrew Davis used 13 cameras to film the scene; three were destroyed in the process.
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat.
'Series 7' seats have hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials.
The firm currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as KLM, Thomas Cook and Spirit.
In Northern Ireland, Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience.
Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher at Doull Elementary School in Denver, Colorado for three years.
She asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
One student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Schwartz shared many of these notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson themselves.
Ronnie Carroll won 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election.
He was on the statement of nominations as 'The Eurovisionary Carroll'
He contested the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest.
The seat is the most marginal in England, won by Labour's Glenda Jackson.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club.
Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal.
The former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early in December.
Ranger has spoken for the first time about his struggles at Blackpool.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon.
The one-minute clip begins with the video maker, who speaks French, offering play-by-play commentary.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
There will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob, 28, has disappeared from the public eye over the last year.
His family have expressed concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old.
He is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain.
It has been widely speculated that Rob's lack of confidence comes from his weight and that he didn't attend the nuptials because he was worried about being photographed.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested.
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back'
She asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'Personally I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from, and I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have'
Her comments were labelled 'dangerous', while she was described as a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the UK'
Match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help revolutionise the British dating scene.
The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris.
In each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth the pearls of wisdom that could help turn Britons into better daters.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times in east London.
The court heard that Nargis Riaz, 22, was terrified of the attack.
Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man.
Chowdhury told Ms Riaz the attack was justified in Islam.
He told her: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife'
Co-defendant Muhammed Khan, 23, was acquitted of assisting an offender.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title.
Henry was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea.
He also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club's first choice striker.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel said Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life, and then express just how happy she was, even though she was gone.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
United had lost their last four meetings with City.
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
Just under half (47%) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions.
More men than women (15% compared to 10%) regretted not dating more before they settled down.
Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders.
The Boy Scouts of America changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends.
It is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
Current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Aaron Cruden ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Cruden will see a surgeon on Wednesday to arrange a knee reconstruction.
England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback.
The man was walking close to the edge of Philadelphia's 15 Street Station platform when he tumbled.
Surveillance footage shows him lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
The men are expected to survive any injuries.
Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
His company contracts with NASA to resupply the International Space Station and is building a launch site about 600 miles from Van Horn
Manchester United's Under 18s beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the matchwinner with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth attacks ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen.
Booth says England have'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all'
England lost eight full series out of all formats in 2014, to say nothing of their defeat by the Netherlands at the World Twenty20.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless.
Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs.
Canna-Pet sells boxes of CBD biscuits for $16.49 (£11.20) and these can be bought online in any state of the US, but not shipped internationally.
Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods, hemp oil, wax, resin, rope, cloth, paper, and fuel.
As a result, its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the UK.
Nine sections of the Great Wall have been found over the last two months.
They range along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
The first complete wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
His dad Deion Sanders wrote back; 'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! Lololol. Son. #truth'
Sanders Jr. seems to benefit from his dad's reported $40million worth, and enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items on his social media accounts.
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world.
But travellers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane.
MailOnline Travel spoke to experts to debunk some of the myths that exist.
Ten houses in Australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed.
These include a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW.
The property was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago.
Dr Sanjay Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake.
The neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
She only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
The images, which feature in the May editions of the international magazine, debuted yesterday online showcasing the unique styling skills of Carine.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago.
But it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
Hazard has played all but five of Chelsea's games this season.
The 24-year-old was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in 2011 at Old Trafford.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as 'garbage'
United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 players.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts.
Also faces 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact.
Ludwigsen was hired by Nyack College in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin.
This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy.
Lindsey Norman spotted the resemblance in a six pack of hot cross buns.
Mother-of-two bought the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
She said: 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
Family of six pictured riding on same motorbike in San Miguel de Tucuman.
Three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him.
It comes just weeks after a similar picture emerged of a family of seven riding on the same bike though the city of Junin in Argentina's eastern province of Buenos Aires.
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
17 more added their names, including AstraZeneca, Citi Private Bank and Pirelli.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
The thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the ride.
Officials closed the ride earlier that night after deciding heavy rain made the ride particularly dangerous.
Three of the contractors escaped without injury.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse.
She was found with a distorted face when she was visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother Maxine, 49, who rushed to the hospital.
Mrs Ross was finally assessed by a doctor, who realised she had suffered a stroke.
However, she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
David Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder.
Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress.
There were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn, taking them all down like skittles.
Islamic State militants deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn Syria.
The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
Food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States.
ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
If he is convicted on the charge, he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy.
She cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Nobody knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira scored a late winner for Philadelphia.
Caroline Wozniacki shared a video of her first on court interview as a youngster.
The Dane made her Roland Garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007.
She will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010.
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why do we snack? And if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK.
She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers.
Justice Diana Bryant said Australian surrogacy laws need to be overhauled.
She said commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia and parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.
This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins.
The Indian case is similar to the controversial baby Gammy scenario.
Derry Mathews has won the interim WBA lightweight title.
Mathews beat Tony Luis in Liverpool on Saturday night.
Luis was drafted in after Richar Abril and Ismael Barroso both pulled out.
The Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun.
Instead, she's flying coach and toting her own luggage.
A United Airlines regional jet carried her back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Marylin Stoneman had been entrusted with vulnerable victim's pin number.
But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
The 64-year-old admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim.
She was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
She hopes to complete the entire series by September this year.
The 16th Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival is the first big arts and music festival of the summer season.
Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear.
The system, designed by In-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned to the Emirates for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
The Chelsea midfielder was booed as he operated in a deep role.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed she was groped by Harvey Weinstein at his office in Manhattan.
It has been claimed the model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case.
She was eventually interviewed by Manhattan DA prosecutors on Wednesday, April 1.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive', 'Don't Say Entitled' and 'don't Say Ambitious'
The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Anderson was sent off for Internacional in Porto Alegre on Wednesday.
The Brazilian midfielder shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball.
Fabricio was also sent off later in the game for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans.
Anderson has been suspended until the end of the week by his club.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received another hero's ovation when introduced to the crowd.
Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points.
Michael van Gerwen snatched a 7-5 victory against Stephen Bunting.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania.
Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
The Canadian star has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding, or fertility treatment.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they won a wedding competition.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
England’s failure to win the first Test leaves Alastair Cook in the spotlight.
Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
England have also decided to keep Adil Rashid with them at least for the next week.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in La Liga on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer, largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight between the two best boxers on the planet.
Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacquiao $120m.
The world is waiting their collision with bated breath.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall's impact at Rangers.
McCoist took over from Kenny McDowall after three-and-a-half seasons.
Smith was chairman of the board for some of that period.
But he insists the club was too badly run to achieve success.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations.
His mother Taniya, 36, said his survival shows'miracles do happen'
She said: 'We are so proud of him and in awe of him we hope he can be an inspiration to others'
Ander Herrera has impressed Barcelona's scouts throughout his career.
The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old.
United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira.
Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson.
A Twitter account purporting to be 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning.
It appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee.
The tweet has since been removed from the @2UENews Twitter account.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger.
A 2UE spokesman said the new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
Cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area.
On average, seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay.
Many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked.
Ms King had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor when she was 15 years old.
Thompson starred in Spyforce - an action series following Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II.
The actor was catapulted to fame for the series starring David Bowie in 1983 movie Merry Christmas Mr Lawrence.
Stains' coat was cut to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers.
The dog's owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
Similar to a lion, the dog’s tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous record.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May, 52, revealed he had ordered a rare Ferrari 458 Speciale in bright orange.
The offer was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
But new research suggests the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium.
If it is redraw, it means chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park.
Tottenham are joint top of the Premier League with Manchester United.
Chelsea's Ruben Loftus-Cheek was forced off injured after 37 minutes.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find a burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive behind the wheel.
Valles' clothes had begun to burn as officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road.
Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games in the Premier League.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second.
Gerard Pique and Arjen Robben also make the top 10.
Julian Weigl has been earning rave reviews in Germany's second division.
The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on signing Weigl.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming.
Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver bent down to catch the baby boy as he slipped onto the floor.
Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August.
The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night.
Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray's coach last summer.
Murray marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears on Saturday.
When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced.
A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace.
The signed document is expected to be taken out of a side door and delivered to the palace in an unmarked vehicle.
David Cameron has defended William and Kate for opting to use private health services rather than the NHS.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.
The Barnet manager says it is always important to have all your players going in One Direction.
Players on the periphery can make the difference between winning and losing.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing 2014.
Barcelona lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Messi says he wants to 'get back to my best through hard work, smiling and effort, like I always have'
The Argentine says his new team-mates Luis Suarez and Neymar have been a calming influence.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero at Sandy Park.
The 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in January.
The 23-year-old joined the club on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to secure his first Scottish Premiership league winners' medal.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi finals on Sunday.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham.
The 31-year-old Togo international has made just 16 appearances this season.
He has been criticised for his underwhelming performances.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre in January.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, arrested after allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles.
DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a Paris suburb on Sunday.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia.
They ask people to send their messages in, at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo.
It has already caught the attention of one big company, Burger King.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole.
Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland.
Her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month.
The RFU has said he should have been ineligible for the match.
Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Aviva Premiership.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at the Counter-Terror Expo.
Mr Rowley issued the warning at Olympia, west London, yesterday.
More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning.
Many had been radicalised via propaganda on social media.
Jef Rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
Liverpool fans are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged £50.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs.
Data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson.
The link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death.
One account - also linked to recent union protests in New York City and other disturbances - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent clashes.
Baltimore's mayor, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, announced a 10 p.m.- 5 a.m. curfew would be imposed beginning on Tuesday.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe gave Sunderland a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
Defoe's strike was his third for the Black Cats this season.
The 32-year-old scored his third goal of the season just before the half-time whistle.
Sunderland were unrecognisable from the side who conceded four in the first half.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
The grandmother-of-four and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds who all sleep and live at her home.
Real Madrid players took part in a session at the Valdebebas complex on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa were present alongside regular first team players Pepe and Sami Khedira, who were on the bench.
Real will then face Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
Neilson has already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership.
Madonna, 56, posted image of Iron Lady on Instagram - before deleting it.
Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which Madonna captioned with: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher' and '#unapologetic #rebelheart'
The singer, who has a large gay fanbase, offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal.
The American secured a submission victory over the Japanese challenger.
Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled.
Djokovic apologised via Facebook to the boy's parents.
Hounsdown School in Southampton, Hampshire, is a specialist science college.
The girl, who is in Year 11, took a sip from her drink on Tuesday.
She discovered an unusual taste and smell to the corrosive liquid.
A group of boys thought to have been'messing around' in the lesson were questioned about the incident.
Tests reportedly showed the bottle was contaminated with the substance.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said they are taking the matter'very seriously'
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.
He first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
Moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison.
Two other defendants are charged in the case, accused of their involvement in the office fire, which occurred before the undercover investigation began.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, features on the front cover of Good Housekeeping's May issue.
The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls.
She shares her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’
It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size.
The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants.
Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts.
Annabel Cole says she was sorely disappointed with the results of the rice filled insert.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years.
The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second ensured he will still be in the running at the weekend.
He is third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
Russian researchers have dated the'screw' to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ‘sea lily’ that grew a stalk when it became an adult to tether itself to the seabed.
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from their £7.5million apartment in Hong Kong.
Couple also questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa.
Police source said she locked herself in bathroom before falling to death.
Mr Cousins is managing director of Hong Kong arm of Jardine Lloyd Thompson.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
She has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.
The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
All of the men are currently in intensive care.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
Sale Sharks are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table.
Steve Diamond's side travel to London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks.
Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died Monday.
The picture of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter was posted to Facebook two weeks ago.
Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
The 22-year-old warehouse worker said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community.
Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball.
She took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her Facebook page and then shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were more of the 'dangerous' balls out
Second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
'I don't see another coalition government lasting five years,' he said at a briefing by polling experts on the latest election forecasts.
Other experts also warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race after Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
Many people expected another dominant Mercedes campaign in the wake of last season's crushing success in Australia.
Ed Balls says he will not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Shadow chancellor says it would be a 'betrayal of the English vote'
SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month, TNS survey shows.
But Labour leader insists there will be no power-sharing deal with Nicola Sturgeon's party.
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Watson has been charged in all three homicides, with police cited DNA evidence.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips were on a luxury cruise ship when they were attacked.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking the frail, elderly couple.
He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm.
Mr Phillips walked with a crutch because of a hip replacement operation.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect Van Persie to return.
Van Persie tweeted: 'Happy to be fit and able to play again. Looking forward to my next game!'
Reverend Andrew Dotchin was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
Mr Dotchin, who preaches at Whitton Parish Church, said: 'I was gobsmacked. I think the man on the door had had a rough night'
Glynis Barber is remembered as the glacially beautiful half of Dempsey And Makepeace.
She has changed what and how she eats under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli.
In the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50 km/h zone last year.
But he won't say who was behind the wheel.
He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South in the 33rd minute.
Gavin Reilly doubled Rangers' lead in the 46th minute with an own goal.
Lewis Kidd doubled the Ibrox side's lead at the start of the second half.
QOTS equalised through a Lee Wallace own goal in the 69th minute.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats in a World Heritage Site.
But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail.
The 23-year-old surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
Drage said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs', and that his release had not sunk in yet.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, only speaks a single word: 'Hodor'
He is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia.
In 1861, a French physician found a particular part of the brain is involved in language.
It became known as Broca's area, which causes language problems.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any Chelsea player who did not want to play for the club.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will play Sterling against Arsenal.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopian-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts, as well as Plan International's Because I Am A Girl.
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group.
He was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines.
Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event at Sage Valley Golf Club.
He met Brad Dalke, 17, and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle.
Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page.
The teenager will join Oklahoma University in the autumn.
The Old Boys is a new book by former education journalist David Turner.
He was inspired to write the book after hearing David Cameron compared to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days.
From the 18th Century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country’s public schools.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Ivan Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992.
In the letters, he tells nephew Alistair Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things'
Shipsey, a former Rebels bikie gang member, has compiled the letters into a $32 book.
'I get my share of women writing to me - some real good looking ones, too (if it’s their photographs they’re sending),’ Milat wrote.
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho.
The sunken yacht, which became known as 'Pride of Hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the United States when it sunk just off Kauai in April 1824.
Rogers volunteered his time aboard his research vessel, the Pilialoha, over a five year period in four-week intervals from 1995 to 2001 to pull up the treasures.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put the Bees ahead with a stunning strike in the 21st minute.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes of the game.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle.
Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009.
The drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the Iraq War in 2003.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing.
But researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves.
This combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum.
Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday.
He was filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
Mr Smith can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
One astonished follower wrote on Ms Bines' Facebook page at the weekend that she would be 'homeless and starving' if she paid the originally advertised price.
Lisa Heath, 45, was a teaching assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted.
But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
A spokesman for the school said she had been suspended and is being dealt with 'through the appropriate internal channels'
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed and the teenager was re-arrested.
He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemorations.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to be a gracious manager.
The Manchester United boss showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
Mourinho had just made his first impression on the Champions League by knocking out United with unfancied Porto.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
He said Alex Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.
Mr Farage said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
But SNP MSP Humza Yousaf hit back at the Ukip leader's 'politics of fear and intolerance'
Tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held.
Over the past week, thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake.
Authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to African countries.
They are dumped in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there.
Brokers manage to ship containers of
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
She goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot.
In a new interview with the Evening Standard magazine, Kate reveals that she eats lean and green meals every day.
The monkey approaches the woman, who holds a banana, with its outstretched hands.
Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin.
The lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey begins tucking into the banana while its friends sit around and watch.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses.
The attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy.
The 45-year-old man had suffered arteriovenous malformation for 20 years.
It caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
Surgery took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete.
But the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona ruled surgery was his only treatment.
Chris Brynarsky was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina.
When he was shot, he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
No arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak's injury.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The 23-year-old was celebrating Andros Townsend's equalising goal.
Twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old.
Mason was given 16 minutes by Roy Hodgson as he replaced Jordan Henderson.
Cryos International is moving its offices to the Central Florida Research Park.
It is located next to the University of Central Florida, which has 52,000 students.
Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and can earn up to $750 per month.
Cryos supplies sperm to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries worldwide.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31.
Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport.
There have been no further detections in Perth, Adelaide or Melbourne since the new measures were rolled out.
A person was struck by a train between Surbiton and Wimbledon this afternoon.
South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its services following the incident.
The disruption was worsened when another train broke down this evening.
Network Rail said staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service.
Zach Yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate.
Captured in the short video, the cafe's owner can be seen etching the face of the much-loved Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao into a cup of coffee.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after allegedly groping a 16-year-old.
He was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
The incident took place at about 5.30pm on Sunday.
Perez was charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa.
When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass.
Kieron Power's wife was given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place.
A week after she received the ticket, he went back to gather evidence.
He was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars.
They told him they were stopping him under the Prevention of Terrorism Act.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene.
Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
Jimmy Abdou scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute.
Wigan Athletic were reduced to 10 men when Martyn Waghorn was sent off.
The result means Wigan Athletic are relegated from the Championship.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen made the ruling on Thursday after concluding a hearing that focused heavily on testimony from Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Sloan told detectives that he attacked Knight but testified on Monday
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people.
Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less'
Indiana's governor Mike Pence signed a law 'fixing' his state's controversial legislation on Thursday.
Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
New series is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of American since Friends.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, survey finds.
Only a quarter of those who do spot the tiny animals see them frequently.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today.
Part of the reason is the widespread loss of traditional hedgerows.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying at half-time in an FA Cup match.
The incident took place when Liverpool were playing Blackburn Rovers at Anfield in March.
Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Five firefighters and one's girlfriend taken into custody on sexual assault charges.
They face charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet.
Brittany Leanne Parten, 23, was charged with improper visual recording for using a cellphone to videotape the assault.
She was released on $75,000 bond and released on Tuesday from Ellis County jail.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes.
Lionel Messi nets once every 81 minutes.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies.
She decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe.
They both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies.
The idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
Beatrice, 26, opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia.
She was greeted by a flag-waving crowd outside the school in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
It is the second official visit in less than four days for the Princess.
Last week, she was seen hobnobbing with designers Karl Lagerfeld and Tory Burch at a fashion conference in Florence.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National.
Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham.
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness.
They were found in a wheelbarrow filled with 10 dead dogs piled on top of each other and covered in maggots.
The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond.
Animal Rescue Corps is expected to stay and care for the dogs for at least one-and-a-half to two weeks and give them medical grooming, veterinary
Clare Balding has married her partner of 14 years.
The 44-year-old said they returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006.
This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London.
BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night.
His voice sounded weak and strained after treatment for lung tumour.
He expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
Last night he returned to News at Six to analyse Labour's manifesto.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble I have caused them'
He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi bar when three buildings were destroyed.
Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished.
A GoFundMe page in memory of Nicholas met it's $30
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended a fundraising event.
The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in Knightsbridge.
It was a fundraising reception for the charity Football Fighting Ebola.
Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras raised the reparations issue last month.
German government says issue was resolved legally years ago.
Demand comes just days before Greece is obliged to pay 450m euros of debt to IMF.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was ordered to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma at Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford.
The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the teen after she refused treatment.
She and her mother argued she did not want chemo despite the risk of dying without them.
But after she was declared in remission in March, her lawyer and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes.
The 53-year-old media personality has hosted several TV shows and edited the Australian Women's Weekly.
'My Love Affair with Food' features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos.
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
David Cameron said the day was a time to 'celebrate all that was great with England'
Marine Le Pen, 46, is one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people.
She took over from her father Jean-Marie, 86, in 2011.
The National Front leader spoke of representing a 'great political force'
The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen.
A video shows a tour guide peddling his legs in the air to attract a mob of emus.
The emus - known to be especially curious birds - scatter as the guide leaps to his feat.
It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will sign off his Team Sky career with an appearance at Paris-Roubaix on April 12.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
Kelly's record of nine Monument wins puts him in a tie for third all-time.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories.
Tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between Mr Cameron and the Labour leader.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler.
He then put on another 15 pounds of pure muscle to play the desperate fighter Billy Hope.
The actor also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron.
Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of St James' Park before kick-off.
There they unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
An aeroplane – hired by Sunderland supporters – passed above the stadium during the first half carrying the banner “5 in a row – 5underland”, referencing their fifth successive Tyne-Wear derby
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75 when he died Sunday.
Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s.
He had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode Island State Police report.
In 1996, he was convicted of extortion and became the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison under the federal 'three strikes and you're out' provision.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders.
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting Nigel Farage.
Far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon and gestured to onlookers as a crowd waited for Mr Farage’s arrival.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a 'brilliant operator'
Adam Federici blew Reading's chances of beating Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final.
The Australian spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
Federici was inconsolable after the match and Clarke revealed: ‘I tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed. He just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself'
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record at Augusta.
Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Stuart McCall ordered his side to end their away-day blues at Dumbarton.
Rangers have only won once in their last five away matches.
Jihadi group claims responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours.
A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today.
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday, revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces.
Afghan security forces are struggling to cope with the new offensive across Afghanistan.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception.
They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to score more goals.
Jurgen Klopp's side have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York.
Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live.
The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He was called to a job in the area where he was killed days before his death.
The man, who has not been identified, told the imam that there was no need for his son to accompany him again when he did come back.
Arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man asking for the building quote.
Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer.
Neighbours say they did not hear any shots fired, indicating
Neanderthals may have used herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour their food.
They may have cooked stews in the skins of animals, according to some anthropologists.
A study of tooth plaque from the teeth of Neanderthal remains suggests they may have heated grains of barley.
There is no evidence that Neanderthals had any pots or pans to cook with.
But an archaeologist at the University of Michigan believes they used animal paunches and folded bark to make bags that they could boil their good in.
Sewol sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
The demonstration is the latest in a series of protests with hundreds of bereaved parents marching 22 miles to Seoul from their home town of Ansan.
Motorist attempted dangerous manoeuvre on A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset.
He gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights.
But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph.
The dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the HGV driver.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Ben Ellery's report which revealed the truth about Ed Miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a Scoop of the Year nomination.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers.
The five-division world champion hits back at his supposed 'haters'
The 15-second video features rows of jewel-encrusted watches and mansions.
It surfaces just two weeks before his bout with Manny Pacquiao.
Tickets for the fight were expected to cost between £1,000 and £5,000.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down.
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at the Mrs Merton Show.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.
At a costs application hearing today, he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop the striker.
Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson set for midfield battle at Wembley.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana on July 13, 2013.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant.
Medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her and questioned her.
Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Children posted picture of teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media.
She was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended.
Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis, Tennessee, suspended three students.
They later overturned the suspensions following a backlash.
Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor.
The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of the building.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire'
Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith concluded that Jake's death was an accident.
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership's player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Wasps maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly's form at centre has him pushing incumbent England No 13 Jonathan Joseph hard for his place.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release.
Wheatley had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims.
Ministry of Justice today announced they would appeal against the ruling.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check.
They were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed.
The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 – the worst on record since 2004.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
It could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
Ricks is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket, according to investigators.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are front-runners for the job.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England.
Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters is credited with helping Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The beam could even trigger different forms of lightning, including red sprites and blue jets.
For now the idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it.
But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
Doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end into the woman's lung, which showed the earring was covered in mucus
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
'We need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added.
Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states.
Christie said in his
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
Under international law he is now entitled to take control of the apparently 'unclaimed' territory.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
It is the latest bad news for Nigel Farage, who insists support for Ukip has 'rallied' after a lacklustre few weeks.
With less than a month to go to election day, the Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Amazingly, his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed in 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.
Sheriff's deputies undressed the victim's body and took inappropriate nude photos of her at the side of the road, her mother has claimed.
Christina Mejias filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's office in Illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week.
Mohamed Morsi was sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced.
Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in government crackdown.
M&S fashion chief Belinda Earl credited with helping bring in sales hits.
She ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum before taking style director role.
Sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges like Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy.
Mrs Earl is also behind the much lusted after suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
Schoenig took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!!!'
She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
Dave Brockie, 50, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014.
A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose.
The Grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes, stage antics and vulgar lyrics.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the game.
Both players were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic's performance.
Suarez has blasted the performance of Mazic on Twitter.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
She had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of her 20 year relationship.
Taylor admitted burglary, criminal damage and two counts of common assault.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity.
It comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - some of which belong to unknown species.
The wall, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
Some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego.
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need.
But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
At issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire, returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor was awarded a Victoria Cross medal.
The 30-year-old fought in the trenches at Lone Pine in Anzac Cove.
He was awarded the VC for his 48-hour effort where he threw live grenades back at the enemy.
His grand niece Keira Quinn Lockyer said her great uncle was a humble man who did not think he did anything special.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas this week.
It took officials and a tow truck several hours to remove the car.
Hardy was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Last year Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to a report in Italy.
Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer.
Cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position.
Manchester United also hold an interest in Cavani.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia present Cervantes Prize for Literature.
New book claims Juan Carlos II had decade-long affair with German socialite.
The 47-year-old monarch has been trying to change public perception of monarchy.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level.
Frank Lampard was one of six players on their squad list this season.
James Milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options.
Protein World poster asks: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The advert, promoting weight loss, came under fire from feminists.
Body image campaigners and bloggers have called for the offending images to be removed.
Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad.
Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot instead of lipstick.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Catherine Zeta-Jones rubs honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Manchester City and Manchester United dined at San Carlo restaurant.
Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined.
United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Chelsea.
Manuel Pellegrini's side closed the gap on United to just one point.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions.
One veteran, wounded Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool edged past Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho scored the winner after 161 goalless minutes.
Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Rudy Gestede came on to energise Blackburn but showed a lack of match fitness.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final.
Polish international has lost his place to David Ospina.
Ospina has won 11 of 12 Premier League games since the chop.
Patrick O'Flynn launched party's 'policies for women' alongside Suzanne Evans.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans and MEP Diane James also spoke.
Polls suggest 15 per cent of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to only 10 per cent women.
Nigel Farage is often photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer.
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, has been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys.
The students have all since graduated, but investigators say there were still attending Lowndes High School when the alleged sexual encounters occurred.
A newborn girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house on Lakeside Drive at Muskingum University last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction.
The Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott’s fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Estimated at £20,000 to £30,000, the copies were created using the surviving gelatine positives and paper negatives taken by the captain himself.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston 103-95 to take 3-0 lead in play-off series.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee 113-106 in double overtime.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living.
With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear.
He hopes living in the hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Atlanta Hawks beat Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early with a shoulder injury.
DeMarre Carroll and Al Horford scored 20 points each for the Hawks.
The death of a toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe.
He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that there are members of the Neilrex community that can help them with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they were stuck with the wrong partner.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
He also blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice, tribunal told.
Richard III was depicted by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad'
But a 3D reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’
This means he was very far from being a hunchback, experts claim.
Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored a penalty in the second-half.
Cyle Larin and Darlington Nagbe also scored for the hosts.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss.
Dennis Krauss and Ms Diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house.
The lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Thames Water have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer.
Already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left.
Marcus Bettinelli made his Fulham debut last August.
The 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched him play against Rotherham.
Petr Cech is expected to leave the club in the summer.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour.
Clock will go back an hour at 3am on Sunday - including Australian states such as NSW.
Time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley.
The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster.
Paisley sat down with Sturridge to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
She had no idea of the outrage her light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of Scotland’s First Minister and the leader of the SNP.
In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since ankle injury.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out.
Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich need '100 per cent' of their players.
Temperatures are set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F)
That would be the hottest this year so far, with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F) and Athens at 18C (65F) on Monday.
The weekend is set to be slightly cooler, with a cool front arriving from the West.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
Ken Doherty is just two frames away from crashing out of World Championships qualifying in Sheffield.
The 45-year-old trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier.
Graeme Dott, another former champion, must come from behind to book his place in the main draw.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power.
The feline and one of its companions were left hungry and with dented pride as the young hippo escaped from the incident unscathed.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close.
It boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies for his 1831 painting.
The 8,147 sq ft mansion has 1.6 acres and has six bedrooms, two kitchens, a drawing room, dining room, study, office, library, media room and wine cellar.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York.
He was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
Authorities also seized Roberts' laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club's profile.
The Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
Hormone therapy is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer.
It can't cure the cancer, but can help keep it under control.
Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods, researchers say.
Asda's Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
A Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1g fat.
David Hyche came up with the device when his daughter turned blind nine years ago.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her five-year-old son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, lashed out on Facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison.
Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging.
Tiger Woods has confirmed he will play at the Masters this week.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from hip displasia.
The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly.
She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) and needs to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
After becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Liam, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday.
Inspectors discovered evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area.
Six specimen samples from people who visited the pub were taken.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Jim Culloty’s Spring Heeled in Grand National.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race.
But Nicholls said it was unfair to tie the horse down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another definite contender is being offered.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final day.
McIlroy shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place.
The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters.
Jordan Spieth won his first major title with victory at Augusta.
Walter Scott, 50, was shot dead in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder.
The man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is.
It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'
SNP leader vows to use surge in support to dictate direction of UK.
Polls suggest up to half of Scots are planning to vote SNP.
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building in L.A.'s Fairfax district.
Cobain lived in the home in 1991 and 1992, just before Frances Bean Cobain was born.
The current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
He said: 'The place is the perfect combination of comfort, style, location and...rock n' roll history'
Travellerzoo survey reveals Greens love long-haul trip and Labour love dance.
Liberal Democrats prefer window seat on plane and eat airline food.
UKIP supporters most likely to take toiletries home and take children on holiday.
John Terry named his PFA Team of the Year on Instagram.
Philippe Coutinho was voted Premier League's finest.
Harry Kane was named Young Player of the Season.
Youssouf Mulumbu was mistakenly named best player by West Brom.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps.
They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
Male chimps tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
But females carried out more hunts using tools than males.
The findings may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National.
The Northern Irishman is ranked 111th in the world at present.
McIlroy has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle.
The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly.
Aussie – who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children.
Their grandmother Deanna Addicoat said the kids were traumatised after seeing their dog die.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos.
Survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half (45%) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents.
The outback Casanova posted an advertisement on Gumtree.
The 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, DON'T smoke, love the outdoors, sports, fishing, camping blah blah blah'
He promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered'
The hopeless romantic also stated former partners need not apply.
It will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to watch a controversial FA Cup final.
Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag.
The anniversary is being marked in Manchester by the National Football Museum whose exhibition tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker had been hailed as 'one of the most important goals of my life'
Michael Carrick led the tributes to Hernandez on Twitter after the game.
Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema, who currently has a knee injury.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995 when a pipe burst during the winter.
He and his sister Jennifer, also 37, were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
Geoff, a photographer, wanted to picture his son and Jennifer's daughter going about their daily lives among the trash.
But the crumbling house is so unsafe that they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto the images.
Tracy Morgan was seen out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven on Monday.
It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield.
The 23-year-old wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted.
In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco.
Self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades – even when he was sunbathing on the beach.
Two wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' in Dakar.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
Wrestling is only practised in Senegal and has boomed in popularity as their football team has struggled.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Inter Milan.
Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored England's players out of 10.
England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances at the Juventus Stadium.
Rodrigo Alves, 31, is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
The London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
He is best known as the new Human Ken Doll after reportedly spending more than $265,000 on plastic surgery.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney.
The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine.
It sees a young girl dressed up as a vampire scaring late-night walkers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up to her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen singing a hauntingly horrifying melody.
West Bromwich Albion beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies.
Alan Pardew's side moved off the bottom of the Premier League table.
Carlo Ancelotti has seven players in six spots at Real Madrid.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit.
The Spaniard has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in all competitions so far.
In Italy, the fallout at the demise of giants Inter continues.
Manchester has 240 parking ticket machines that are still not upgraded.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking.
Councils in Sheffield, Brighton and Brighton have similar problems.
Experts fear problem could become worse when new coin is released in 2017.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash out again this summer.
The Chilean believes City are capable of retaining the title.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
The 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years in France.
Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules.
Wallenda, 36, said he was not likely to walk the entire 20 minutes or so that it takes the wheel to go a full circle.
The seventh-generation member of the 'Flying Wallenda' family of acrobats has walked across the Grand Canyon and Niagara Falls.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes she was selling.
Bower, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook.
She has been accused of theft, according to documents filed in Johnson County District Court.
Esteban Cambiasso scored twice as Leicester beat West Ham 2-1.
The former Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Argentina midfielder was man of the match.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat: 'Allan was and always will be a stalwart in South Africa'
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Craig Gardner scored the second goal as Baggies eased relegation fears.
The Welshman left Palace on the eve of the new season.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.
The company processes credit card payments for small businesses.
Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University.
High street chains are calling time on cut-price promotions that go on forever.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ella Beasley, 22, had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly.
The aspiring model from Hampshire loved Rooftops as a teenager.
But she lived to regret her decision after Ian Watkins was jailed.
Watkins was convicted of a string of child sex offences including attempted rape of fan's baby.
Thames Valley Police called Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
The canal boat was moored near a children's play area in Christchurch Meadows, where the River Thames flows through Reading.
The Delorean was spotted travelling between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe.
It was a replica of the car used in the Back to the Future films.
Police officers joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor'
The car's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to Marty McFly's.
Scientists have detected gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
Gates are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times impact on global warming.
They escape from operating rooms via air vents during surgery.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill.
An inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice.
When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.
Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Sonia says her daughter is aware that her little sister is sick, but just wants to spend as much time with her as she can.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
The 34-year-old's goal return is better than Edin Dzeko and Stevan Jovetic.
Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert have failed to replace Luis Suarez.
Mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy.
His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the service men and women of World War I.
Woolworths and Carrspace failed to seek permission from the Department of Veterans' Affairs to use the word 'Anzac' for commercial purposes.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week.
But her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with fleet of robots delivering linen.
It replaces four ageing hospitals across Glasgow, some of which date back to Victorian times.
NHS will not publish this year's accounts until after the UK general election.
But by December 2014, more than two out of three NHS hospitals were in the red.
Chelsea defender Wallace has been released without charge.
The 20-year-old was questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence'
Wallace is on a season-long loan at Dutch side Vitesse Arnhem.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix.
Hamilton has been on pole at the last four, and already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings.
It was another 'home run' performance from Hamilton who claims he is a perfectionist.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the hamlet of Pierres.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Mr King's car was found parked in Vire, a nearby town, but there was no sign of any body.
Family and neighbours of Mr King have attacked detectives for allowing his suspected murderer to remain at large for six months.
Saskia posted snaps of the test to her Twitter account, @saskiaisabxlla.
She scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, according to her boyfriend's feedback.
The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section.
There were even 'helpful' instructions including 'Read every question at least twice'
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases.
Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs.
Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
Bell threatened to post footage of their sex trysts online if she did not receive £55.
She then increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish, until she received £55, Hull Crown Court heard.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs.
This means our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
The young puppy immediately becomes unsettled and chewing on the corner of its toy bone while in its bed.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Saturday.
Lee Clark admitted the Seasiders face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
Blackpool fans gathered outside the directors' box to protest against Karl Oyston.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice.
Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf.
He hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes.
Rory McIlroy practised at the other end of the day.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urged aviation industry to develop system.
He said it could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit.
They believe he deliberately crashed plane into French mountainside on March 24.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and will instead put up a warning sign.
Silvia, star of the series My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
In the programme Silvia is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house.
The New Yorker is then heard saying: 'Over here are the ones that are easy to break'
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California, on Monday morning while he slept in the car.
His parents, Paul and Suzanne, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated.
Paul claims that Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something Paul claims she was doing for their own safety.
They have now hired an attorney, but former FBI agent Rick Smith seems to think they may not have a case against police.
Part-time actor was going through customs to board EasyJet flight.
Staff at Newcastle Airport thought pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive.
The 58-year-old was surprised at the mix-up and offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it wasn't.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
Gayla met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum and soon found herself overwhelmed with lusty fans.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
The Prime Minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to the NHS.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together.
The teens' courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night.
The 67-year-old said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that accompanied it.
Footage shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears, wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.
He was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee.
Lee was outraged when Dempsey wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way' while discussing operations against ISIS.
The 28-year-old was the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq and was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man.
He is still regarded as a second class citizen in Indian Kashmir.
His rulers have refused to give the West Pakistan Refugees the right to own property or vote in state elections.
They have fallen foul of a pre-independence law that only grants citizenship to people born in the old undivided kingdom of Kashmir.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and a deep wound.
Fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had 27 other dogs confiscated.
Judge said if Tango had been taken to the vet earlier 'unnecessary suffering' could have been avoided.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine.
Worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa.
When he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife, who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite defeats.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal of the game.
Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as Danny Welbeck at Arsenal.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father.
Keith Whitworth, now 61, has been jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse.
He would tell her: 'I'm only doing this because I love you'
Mandy had severed all contact with her father by the time she married.
She has waived her right to anonymity in the hope other victims of abuse will come forward too.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK.
In 1975 just 7.9 per 100,000 were diagnosed - a seven-fold increase.
The huge increase is blamed on the cheap package holiday boom dating from the 1960s.
Arsenal Under 21s take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for the Gunners.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot against Manchester United.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Colin Heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months yesterday.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2.
The $300m mega-fight takes place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Kevin Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season.
Sinfield stunned the world of rugby league on Tuesday with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport.
The 34-year-old will join the Rhinos' sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Former leader spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas.
He suggested that President Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible.
And implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions anytime soon.
Also said comprehensive nuclear deal would have negative impact on US national security.
Comments are in stark contrast to Obama's belief that although the contents of the agreement are not optimal, they are America's 'best bet'
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina.
Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one Premier League goal for Manchester City.
Mauro Zarate is yet to score or lay on a goal for QPR.
Callum McManaman's move to West Brom has coincided with relegation.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts.
KP has a Twitter following of nearly 2.5million.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in.
Two jail employees told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
The unnamed inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event.
It is a complex playing host to what will be the biggest single event in Las Vegas history.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena.
Kei Nishikori won the Barcelona Open for the second consecutive year.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
Gerard Pique and Shakira were in the stands for the final.
Red Cross has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen.
Saudi-led coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Houthis.
The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space.
UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season.
The storm brought enough snow to the Sierra near Lake Tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the California Highway Patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway.
In the Sierra, up to 6 inches of snow was expected above 7,000 feet, with 2 to
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted by Premier League heavyweights.
Arsenal and Manchester United are also interested in the Southampton midfielder.
Louis van Gaal has made a right back a priority this summer and Clyne is the red-hot favourite.
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago.
Some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, while others appeared to have occurred after death.
Daspletosaurus is thought to have not just hunted but also scavenged for food.
Tyrannosaurus rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought and hunted in gangs which included young and older members.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against West Brom.
The Leicester City striker scored their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive.
Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after anorexia.
Tormented by bullies at school, she began a strict diet regime at 16.
Determined to lose weight, she would go for up to three days without eating.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic.
After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
Frank Lampard has returned to Chelsea after 13 years at the club.
The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Disney and Lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that's full of Stormtroopers, Jedis and lightsabers.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars.
Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
The dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Paula Creamer has called for a Women's Masters tournament for women.
Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
The World No 27 said: 'There's no reason why you can't revisit things'
Eden Hazard scored the winner in Chelsea's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho has praised the Belgian's exceptional talent.
Hazard is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday.
Giudice, 42, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
That will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes.
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia.
Collection of designer shoes, handbags, clothes and accessories set to go up for auction.
Items come from lifetime collection of anonymous single lady owner.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots on April 28.
Some items are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row.
The new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Ian Poulter, Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia have decided not to play.
Charles Barnhoorn took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide before taking his own life.
He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton.
Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
His mother Susan has spoken out about the dangers of taking 'hippy crack'
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since 2001.
She has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since then.
Now wants £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding'
She also wants £2,000 for honeymoon in Mexico, paid for by taxpayer.
Miss Broom receives monthly benefits including £460 disability living allowance.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for the main prizes.
Mulumbu posted an image of his voting slip to Twitter on Wednesday.
The DR Congo international also picked five Chelsea players in his XI.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
Experts warn swimmers not to wear any jewellery or items that reflect the light.
Bright swim gear which contrasts strongly with skin colour can attract sharks.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
Don McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
McLean, 69, a longtime Maine resident, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
The rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight.
Dr Sally Norton is furious that we are allowing blatant advertising to influence our children in other ways.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day.
He ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she doesn't fall off.
His mother suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when left alone.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival.
After witnessing Mr Jones capture test shot of Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, at event, she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls.
She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city'
The girls' mouths 'dropped' and moments later, they and Mr Jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official.
Now, Ms Taylor has been fired for exhibiting '
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes.
Their connection proved strong when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later the phone rang again, calling with the same sad news.
'We all look at it as a blessing,' Doug said, 'because we
Arsenal host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the table.
The Gunners have won 11 of their last 12 Premier League games.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
Right-hand side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
The plane was quickly evacuated and there are no reported injuries.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy'
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting.
Many smartphones on sale today come with built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
Norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
When the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Statement 90s chop made famous by Jim Carrey's Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber.
It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna to Robert Pattinson.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut.
Men queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby.
Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go.
He was also quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left.
Toure was equally gobsmacked by the City players' lack of urgency when Sergio Aguero scored a late second.
Viv Nicholson, a cake-factory worker from Castleford in Yorkshire, and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961.
She announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring.
The story of Viv Nicholson is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy.
The 31-year-old was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher in 2007.
He was seen looking at a £105,000 BMW at a car dealership in the city.
Sololecito and his former lover, American Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years.
They were both sentenced to 26 and 25 years in prison respectively.
But Italy's highest court overturned the 2014 convictions and declined to order another trial.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day.
Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties.
They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises.
Users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's hits.
Spotify and its rivals are working hard to understand tastes of their listeners.
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld pose with Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
Van Gerwen, 25, beat Van Barnevesld, 47, 7-2 last week to remain undefeated.
Defending champion could be eliminated from Premier League Darts.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
The charm has a double-sided Wheel of Fortune-style spinner, allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
It doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery.
The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD?
We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
The Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
Nolito has urged Messi to stay away from the Spanish coast.
Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga this season.
Green Party manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
Advice also encourages them to compliment people's homes.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the party's manifesto commitments.
Party's surge in support hit by a series of disastrous media appearances.
Visitors to the Scottish town of Dornoch are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter.
It was originally put online by Jon Palmer from The Cheese House, Cromarty.
Marcel Hirscher was the first male alpine skier to ever clinch four straight World Cup titles.
The 26-year-old Austrian teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt.
Six GoPros, and a range of other cameras, including a hand held one by the skier captured the dazzling rainbow effect.
President Obama said the thought of his eldest daughter heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree, she will be following in her father's footsteps.
If you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals.
From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or Coutts bank account necessary.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals this season.
Barcelona beat Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Messi scored twice, including one from the penalty spot.
Suarez claimed two and Neymar also netted in the rout.
Aljaz Bedene crashed out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
British No 2 was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance.
Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
His identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls.
Police decided to post a picture of the him on news websites in the hopes the public could help identify him.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10.30pm on Monday night.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest and swim 70
Tortoise escapes becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell.
Cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls.
But the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack.
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London nearly died in a car accident in 2010.
She gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the Air Ambulance Service.
The pair dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent.
Charlotte, co-founder of fitness company Rabble, owes the charity her life.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
The hydraulic crane also recovered so-called 'legal highs' as well as 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.
Officers at the jail, privately run by controversial firm G4S, disclosed the haul in an internal document.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received.
Kristi read from one of the messages: 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic)'
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
It is being lensed by a massive foreground galaxy that is a comparatively nearby 4 billion light-years away.
Boston received 108.6 inches of snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter, beating the previous seasonal record of 107.9 inches that was set in 1995-96.
The 65 inches that fell in February crushed the previous one-month record of 43.3 inches in January 2005.
Vlad Tarasov even filmed his journey down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables.
The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage, when he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C.
He said: 'The main thing is this race is not set for old geriatrics like me'
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis on Friday.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes.
Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
James Creag, 11, suffers from Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
It means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen which blocks out the light.
But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40 feet off Appley Bridge quarry in Wigan.
She was not expected to survive and was told she would lose both of her legs.
Family were warned she would almost certainly lose her legs if she did.
Natalie is now campaigning to have the quarry closed off to the public.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are locked in a dispute with the town hall.
They are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property in Jimena de la Frontera.
The couple say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate.
Town hall ruled that the first floor, kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
It follows recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez, according to Neville.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber busted.
They were hauling trailer with expired tag on I-10 in Mobile County.
Police found nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine.
Teenagers will likely be charged with underage alcohol possession.
James May said Sue Perkins should 'do the world a much bigger favour by killing herself'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of abuse.
May is currently getting ready to tour a Top Gear spin-off around the UK.
Show will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead be presented as 'Clarkson, Hammond and May Live'
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis in a thrilling contest.
Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs.
Charities say state-appointed 'dog catchers' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took part in Audi's football challenge.
Players aim to fire balls into the boot of a convertible Audi from long range.
Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win over Loic Remy and Willian.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race.
But he says the top-four battle is not over either.
Earl Arthur Olander was found dead at his home in rural Minnesota.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours have described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com.
Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Bright yellow gatso had enforced 30mph speed limit in Birmingham.
But it has not been working for two years after every fixed device was switched off.
Around 300 speed and traffic cameras were turned off across the region.
Peggy has been wreaking havoc on paranormal enthusiasts around the world.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Newcastle fans plan to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham.
A social media campaign has been launched to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd.
Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part in Demonstrations held both before and after the game at St James' Park.
The boycott and protests have also received the support of the Newcastle United Supporters Trust.
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool.
She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle.
The woman kicked him and he then disappeared.
Police are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract at Stamford Bridge last July.
Atletico Madrid are considering re-signing Luis in the summer.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism this season.
Real Madrid have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
People are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the Gulf region.
A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Airports are often cited as the worst in the world, but some are worse than others.
LAX in Los Angeles and Hurghada International Airport in Egypt are among the worst.
LaGuardia in New York has been named as the most frustrating airport in North America.
The Surfers Paradise Meter Maids started in 1965.
It was the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey.
He introduced the initiative to stave off bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters.
Local business owners have labelled the group outdated.
Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce president Peter Yared says the group are now a business.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg came under criticism after the race.
Rosberg claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel in his Ferrari.
Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Rosberg.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner.
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday's White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Fern Britton, 57, revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce.
Mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child.
The presenter and author has been married to Phil Vickery, 53, for fifteen years.
She has three children with Clive, twins Harry and Jack, 21, and Grace, 18, and has another daughter, Winifred, 13, with Phil.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross from foot to shoulder.
He has been abandoned by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex.
The 18.5in cross is part corgi, part husky and is looking for a new home.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler.
When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Walter Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#WalterScot'
Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his posts.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe.
It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
The average hike was five to seven hours and at times I walked for ages without meeting another soul.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, was arrested on Wednesday, according to police.
She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel on February 9.
The woman in the video is Gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a'sexual encounter'
Among the items recovered from the room were a computer, lubricant, condoms, cell phone and enema kit.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California, costs an average of £187 per day.
Britain's Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost calculated from the five-day £565 ticket.
The cheapest festival is Exit Serbia, which costs just £54.
Huma Abedin, 38, was spotted with husband Anthony Weiner and two-year-old son Jordan at Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon.
Weiner and Abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off Union Square, where tortas range from $7.50 to $11.
It is just a few days after Abedin and Clinton were spotted, sunglasses on, in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Lack of natural light is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia.
Leading eye surgeon David Allamby warned that an increase in eyesight problems is likely in Britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)
Angel Rangel is in line for his first start for over two months.
Romelu Lukaku is a doubt for Everton with a hamstring injury.
Aiden McGeady is a major doubt for the Toffees.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night.
She was buying a chicken for her and Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
The man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
But the butcher vehemently denies any claims he swore at or abused the young woman.
Ms Barthololomew and the butcher both said she didn't end up paying for the chicken she and Mr Guerra later ate.
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Jamie refused to take a lie detector test on his MS.
He then tried to propose by throwing the ring back in his face.
Dawn then stormed out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!'
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Southern California Walmart on April 5 around 8.45am.
He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel and taking out $800 in cash before stopping at a Walmart.
Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
His family hired a private investigator who learned a homeless man said he spoke to Jones outside of the Walmart, and he has since been interviewed by sheriff's deputies.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury after dropping serve for the second time.
Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station were just a few of the fake photos.
The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah’s Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop.
Fabio Lovato, 30, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight, 29, in Gloucester.
The couple met while travelling around Asia, ending up in Australia.
Fabio created a video showcasing pictures of their time together.
It included the words 'Laura I have a question for you'
The video was played at the end of the trailers of Fast and Furious 7.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving in Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Antonio Amaya.
But Real's appeals committee decided that he had been unfairly punished.
Ronaldo will start for Real against Eibar on Saturday.
Hormone replacement therapy is used to ease the effects of menopause.
Women's Health Initiative in the US and Million Women Study in the UK have both revealed strong evidence that HRT increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers.
Results suggest women who are using combined HRT have double the risk of cancer compared to non-users.
If women use HRT for more than 10 years, their risks are even higher.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12.
More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
Alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the groom-to-be.
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter.
The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Idaho firm ReachIn has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US.
It plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
Hilti DD350 drill used to cut through concrete wall of secured vault.
Gang raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins.
Police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
Shibu Inu caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an American Kennel Club centre.
The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
They discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses.
The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to floor.
He'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near the bottom of a pallet.
But she was unable to hold it normally due to her injured thumbs.
She ended up on the floor and in serious pain as Tesco workers pulled him.
Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28, 2009.
She claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago.
The 60-year-old joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport.
He claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' by a colleague.
Mr Gibson, from Hillingdon, Middlesex, is now suing the firm.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR.
The centre-back has 15 months left on his contract at Loftus Road.
Hull are also interested in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Usain Bolt says he wants to smash his own 200-metre world record.
The Jamaican sprinter is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital.
Bolt will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100m challenge on Sunday.
He ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
You can pick up a Mulberry Bayswater tote, but wince at the eye-watering price tag.
If you fancy yourself in a Victoria Beckham-style armband shift dress, but wouldn't remortgage your home to pay for it, the Next version could be just the ticket.
Timothy Rogalski, 30, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant.
In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct and is being held on $2,500 bond.
Two teenagers from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family.
Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan.
The pair are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation.
Patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants, a study found.
Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent compared to 47 per cent in the medication group.
This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Click HERE for the first part of our countdown, featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo, Louis Oosthuizen and the late, great Seve Ballesteros.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader.
Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be key demand.
Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of 'ideological gimmicks' of Gove.
Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms.
Lib Dems have sought to claim the mantle as the 'party of education'
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
She was convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder.
Manny Pacquiao has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes on the GMA Network.
His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday, and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights.
Pacquiao, in his own land, is different. He still pays 64 per cent more tax than any other citizen in the Philippines.
The crime rate plummets when he fights, his country stops, roads clear.
Logan was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in Egypt in 2011.
She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized.
Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last.
His cousin Niranjela Karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings in London.
The pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin, taped to the bodies of young mules, on April 17, 2005.
They were refused clemency earlier this year citing a 'drugs emergency' but has the authority to reverse the decision.
No date has been fixed for the executions of the Sydney men and eight other drug offenders, but officials say they're
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
The Italian striker took a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel with the squad.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
Unite led campaign against use of zero-hours contracts which it says amount to 'exploitation'
Ed Miliband has received more than £13million from Unite since 2010.
Scientists are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
Although the scientific paper is yet to be published, the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw has been tasked with finding a new presenter.
She said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite his public sacking.
Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting a producer.
He was told his contract would not be renewed by the corporation.
But Clarkson has said he is already thinking about his next television project.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He warned that a vote for Ukip would be equal to a 'vote for Ed Miliband'
Mr Johnson also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories in Thanet and defeat the Ukip leader.
The intervention signals that the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority Labour government dependent on the votes of SNP MPs.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country.
The England skipper has also played alongside Steven Gerrard and John Terry for the national side.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Stancil, who had a knife with him, was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance.
The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane.
Lane had been in a relationship with a man named Chuck Tobin, who vanished after leaving home last July and his remains were found in November.
Police are investigating
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney.
The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device.
It was focused and ready to take a photograph from around six feet away.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Dathan Ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men's race and the first American in at an unofficial 2:11:20, followed by last year's winner, Meb Keflezighi, in 2:12:42.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city of Istanbul.
Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
The 32-year-old aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city as it contrasts with the ornate, Ottoman architecture.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford.
Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up'
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages of the Premier League clash.
Van Gaal confirmed to MUTV that Rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998.
His facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17 years on.
Self-mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General said it investigated allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct between October 2008 and September 2012.
Fannie Randle has worked at the University of Southern California sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years.
She was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
The housekeeper was presented with a $21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce.
She also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Yes she made some mistakes. Yes she is an alcoholic. Yea I've f***ed up too. But nobody deserves this s***. So
Teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against teachers.
Allegations include an al-Qaeda style video being copied in a classroom.
More than 50 teachers - called Park View Brotherhood - alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers.
Another school investigated, Alston Primary, was already in special measures.
Scottish First Minister says Labour leader Ed Miliband will 'change his tune'
Miliband insists he will not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with SNP.
But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
YouGov/Sunday Times poll suggests SNP could win 46 of Scotland's 59 seats.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
The Sensitive Needs Housing Unit is set to protect former members from the gangs, some of the more prominent being the Black Guerilla Family, Aryan Brotherhood and rival hispanic gangs Nuestra Familia from Northern California and the Mexican Mafia from the south.
Russia yesterday lifted ban on supplying Iran with air defence missile system.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the equipment 'promptly'
Move likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.
Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed.
Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘readily available legal highs’
Teaching union working with national drug and alcohol charity, Swanswell, to provide pupils, parents and schools with advice on energy drinks.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller, who preached in a flowing purple robe and outsized aviator glasses, suffered a mild heart attack in 1997 but was quickly back on the pulpit.
His evangelical Protestant ministry, part of the Reformed Church in America, was a product of modern technology.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
A voluntary rescue unit, Hibiscus Rescue and North Shore Rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved during the event.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, assaulted vulnerable teenager during routine examination.
He asked her to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts.
The father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the NHS, Durham Crown Court heard.
Maung has been jailed for 18 months and is facing a General Medical Council investigation.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years.
The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling.
It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
Straw had been stuffed inside old clothes that had been sewn together.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to reform grassroots football.
FA chairman Dyke has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving.
England C is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough.
Fairclough selects from players aged 23 and under.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts a week before heist.
They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday.
But they thought it was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.
It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'
Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
She was first diagnosed with the disease in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
The single mother-of-five has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer Care's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
The union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other United Arab Emirates airlines claiming they 'are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices'
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
At the age of just 19, and playing a 16 year old, it felt rather creepy having a schoolgirl crush on the young star.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled.
Comes as he turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
Mr Cameron promised to ‘take to the streets’ to defend Tory record.
The 34-year-old model, who has announced she's retiring from the runway, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week.
The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins.
Some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling.
Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the look.
Hyperion is one of Saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km)
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken.
Its porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen these symbols to call them.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park.
The video has been shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption: ‘Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel’
This resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times.
Emma Forbes, 49, bought seven-bedroom home in Chelsea for £43 million.
She and her hedge fund boss husband bought it for £18.5 million in 2007.
Land Registry documents show she sold the seven-bed home in February.
It replaced a red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week.
The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club.
Barcelona won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season.
The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move.
Arsenal must make a swift decision or risk losing out on the stopper.
Click here for more Arsenal transfer news.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989'
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
Carney did not suffer a break as first feared.
Winger James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-per-week at Liverpool.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce believes Sterling is a talented youngster.
Sterling scored his first goal for England against Lithuania.
Incident happened on unregistered road between A417 and Cowley in Gloucestershire.
Driver followed sat nav and ended up losing roof between hedge and tree.
Police are considering pursuing driver for driving offence.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on Facebook.
But he insists the pictures show him enjoying himself 'like a normal person'
The 35-year-old insists they do not undermine his ability to do the job.
Malky Mackay has been sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge.
The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a meeting with new chairman David Sharpe.
Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November to a backdrop of an FA investigation into a shocking series of text messages.
Wigan are eight points off Championship safety with only five games left.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity.
The 27-year-old will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Johnson was initially arrested on Monday, 2nd March and was charged after he answered his police bail today.
He will appear at the magistrates court in Peterlee on the morning of Wednesday, May 20th.
Julie Creffield was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18.
She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races.
Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size.
The new policy allows for an American traveler to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex, and Prince George of Cambridge look very similar.
His mother – whose name is also Kate – is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
The real George is due to become a big brother at any moment.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife, where she was tied to a cupboard in the garage while the boy was taken inside.
Police say Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton at 9am yesterday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott, 55, as he ran away from a police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The officer who shot Scott had little in his file to suggest excessive force.
People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe at half-time during Wear-Tyne derby.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions.
Krul smiled at Defoe shortly after the striker's goal gave the Black Cats the lead.
I'm still struggling to work out why Krul did what he did.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom.
The 21-year-old has said he wants to play Champions League football.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the striker.
Berahino is likely to be included in the England under 21 squad.
Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Researchers at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road.
It crushed trees in its powerful path and left toppled power lines in its wake.
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Tald
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
It is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by a MAOAM sweet during the second half.
Puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of City fans.
Blackburn were eliminated from the FA Cup on Wednesday night.
Brendan Rodgers' Liverpool beat Rovers 1-0 at Ewood Park.
Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest.
RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history.
RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion'
Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the bill on Tuesday.
The measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it.
The former Secretary of State is set to announce her presidential campaign on Sunday.
Saturday Night Live skewered the news that she would be announcing her campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed her as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
She is expected to have a string of celebrity backers for her second White House bid.
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William.
Comerford served in the same unit as transport drivers.
His brother Laurence was wounded in action in France in November 1914 and November 1917.
The records belonging to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia.
Do you have as much cachet as Cameron? Perhaps you're more Onslow and Daisy than Hyacinth?
Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to the game.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at the club.
Puyol could join up with Frank Lampard or Xavi in the US or Qatar.
Click here for more Barcelona news.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate.
That would have commemorated his Purple Heart and Combat Infantryman's Badge.
The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join the forces.
He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
The alleged victims were often new to the country and unaware of their rights.
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is hoping to be Cuba's answer to Kim Kardashian.
The Miami-based Latina has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian'
Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in the town's stores.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day.
Murray's status as one of the world's best tennis players means he has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities to the Prime Minister.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history.
He beats Rafa Benitez in the average of goals conceded per game.
Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti have impressive defensive records.
Arsene Wenger has kept 277 clean sheets and conceded 672 goals.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury for Arsenal U21s.
The England midfielder was joined by Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
The World Cup-winning batsman will be sidelined for up to three months.
Finch sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL.
Around 20 tradespeople die each week as a result of past exposure to asbestos.
Artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving new art installation in tribute.
The installation is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
The victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday.
This popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's.
In a leaked memo from the firm's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief said that customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
It was expected to launch on 24 April.
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child.
It is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li said he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
Mo Farah will race over 1500m at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will join Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford in the Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium.
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin are divorcing.
Tracey Cox says that their amicable split is refreshing.
She says that there are lessons to be learnt from the couple.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
He will ultimately end up at the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski state prison.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong support for legalizing same sex marriage.
The famously liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
She has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases, cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night.
Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses.
Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles.
Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states including Wisconsin, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and New York.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He was detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching a three-year-old.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who suffers from learning difficulties.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show.
The incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died'
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Fast-forward three months later and Jewell's number hasn't been reinstated.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons had to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein.
Mabbutt will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Airport landing fees range from £4,559 ($6,850) to £3,728 ($5,600)
Szburg Airport in Austria charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 jet on its runways.
The most expensive airport is Haneda Airport in Tokyo, Japan.
Tokyo's Narita International Airprot comes second, charging £3.728 ($ 5,600), while Kansai International Airport in Osaka charges £5,594 ($5.400) per landing.
Dublin Airport in New York is the only US airport to make it into the top
Boris Milat, brother of Australia's most notorious serial killer, has confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim.
Ivan Milat shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree.
Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars.
Mr Milat said he also lied to protect a brother, but was confessing to bring closure to Dillon.
Two men burst into Esso petrol station in Caterham, Surrey, last Wednesday.
They forced their way into manager's office looking for cash and fled.
Police have released CCTV images of the two men which they hope will lead to calls from the public, identifying them.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a crash with a Toyota Kluger.
The collision occurred on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney at a traffic light intersection.
Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
Police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town.
The 21-year-old plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings.
Livingstone has yet to make his first-team debut for the Red Rose.
Floyd Mayweather is one of the highest-paid fighters in the world.
The undefeated boxer has earned more than $400million in his career.
He has a vast collection of cars, private jets and jewellery.
Sportsmail looks at his extravagant purchases via social media.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with Joan Kagezi's death.
She was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab.
He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded £1million in compensation.
His case was championed by human rights charity CAGE, whose director branded ISIS executioner Jihadi John a 'kind, kind, beautiful young man'
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
In the video she hands Mr Cain her present, which dates from the 1920s.
The man was located after Operation Resolve launched the appeal on Thursday.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims' families.
Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Previous inquests which recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out at the High Court in 2012 after years of campaigning by the families of those killed.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Vincent Viafore, 46.
Graswald, of Poughkeepsie, New York, was kayaking with Viafore on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over near Cornwall-On-Hudson.
She called 911 and told the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater.
Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges last month.
His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
Langley held a press conference on campus Tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent, and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Durant pleaded not guilty to one felony count of aggravated assault and three misdemeanor counts of disorderly conduct.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson.
She followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Manchester United players met sick supporters on Monday.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea met the fans at their training complex.
The trio were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez's side with a neat one-on-one finish.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on.
Labour's Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories.
The match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback'
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
The canines would routinely bark until 5am and throughout the day outside the property just 300 feet from the Kreins.
John Updegraff and Karen Szewc tried to argue that the dogs were needed to protect their livestock.
On Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role.
Border collies Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
The pair were filmed by their owner and trainer Dai Aoki.
Aoki runs the Waterloo, Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care.
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years.
She played the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988.
In her new memoir, A Fine Romance, she reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy Charlie McCarthy.
Her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time.
He discovered he had been connected to at least eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967.
Fletcher hopes his research will prompt a new investigation into the disaster as the 30th anniversary approaches next month.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard hopes his Liverpool career will end at Wembley.
Gerrard's final game as a Liverpool player will come in the league against Crystal Palace on May 16.
Losing to Aston Villa in Sunday’s semi-final will take time to get over.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew.
The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system.
The semi-detached property in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even the vintage cupboards.
The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink.
Wedding season is upon us and brides are on the hunt for ways to budget.
FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
Bomb threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport.
Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320.
A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers.
Federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League.
Europa League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players.
Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Andriy Yarmolenko.
T-shirts mock serious issue which affects one in six women.
Play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help.
Suley Lamplugh Trust, which runs National Stalking Helpline, slams slogans.
The hands are governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate anything you would care to eat.
The hands move a little slowly, hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy.
But they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark.
But when her boyfriend found out she was raped she claimed she had been raped.
She has now admitted wasting police time and rendering Mr and Mrs Clark to suspicion under the sexual offences act.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
A joint found near Lloyd's body had DNA from both men on it and the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed Lloyd was found on the floor of Hernandez's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched the former Patriot tight end's DNA
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4.
New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English.
She has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
She wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school'
One handwritten note about the leaflet's opening paragraph says: 'This'sentence' is long and obscure. It needs some punctuation if it is to make sense'
Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Her first experience was at 19 when she was studying at Cambridge.
A boy in the library saw the nit fall from her head.
After a few nit-free years in her early 20s, her relationship with the parasites resumed when she became a mother.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
The Czech will now face Andy Murray in the last eight.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Miliband, 45, has been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich.
But his looks proved a hit during last night's debate in Blackpool.
Fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie'
Vine of Miliband smouldering sultrily into the camera took the internet by storm.
Get Rid of Sids Project has had its charity status revoked.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Ms Messenger has penned a number of children's books, including Melanie's Marvelous Measles.
Her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by Australian doctors and venues.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
Hundreds of migrants have been arriving on Italian shores for days after being rescued at sea when their overloaded boats run into problems.
Italy has pressed the EU to devise plans to stop the tide of migrants on smuggler boats in the Mediterranean.
Molly Parks, 24, died on April 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin.
He pleaded with other families to be supportive and get help for their loved ones with addictions.
Saige, five, has had enough of living with her mother for five years.
She declares she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend.
But her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to Bavaria.
The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing.
Kyle Walker has not broken his foot following a scan on Tuesday.
The Tottenham defender sustained the injury after a collision with Kieran Trippier at Burnley on Sunday.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, shut down this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before.
Crystal and her father Kevin said they'll re-open soon but were forced to close the doors because the phones kept ringing and they didn't know if orders were fake or real.
'Anger. Bitterness. It's something I never expected or imagined when the comments were made,' said Kevin when asked about the reaction to his daughter saying she would deny gay couples pizza on their wedding day.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store.
The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs.
His own barrister told the judge the offence 'beggars belief'
USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands.
Experts found the giant U.S. ship standing upright and listing only slightly.
There appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists said on Thursday.
The carrier is one of an estimated 300 wrecks in the waters off San Francisco - and the deepest known shipwreck in the sanctuary.
Leicester defeated West Brom 3-2 in the Premier League at The Hawthorns.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side's slim chance of survival.
Nigel Pearson's side are still bottom of the table, three points behind Hull.
Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining West Brom in January.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia.
But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect.
A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted.
Most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition.
Vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low.
Eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them.
On Friday afternoon, about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end.
Police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel.
'Loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone.
Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already implemented the maps.
They allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
He would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in South Africa.
On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant.
The animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died.
The Thames Bath Lido will sit near Blackfriars Bridge in two years.
It will incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool.
The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around.
David Walliams has said he will be the first to jump in the new pool.
Millie-Belle Diamond, 14 months, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
She originally set up an Instagram account for her when she was two months old.
On her first birthday, she smiled with her designer purse next to her fancy dolls.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet.
Celebrities including Lindy Klim, and Jordan and Zac Stenmark were pictured fawning over their customised Lenovo tablets.
The show was a spectacular success, with an A-list turn-out and dazzling creations.
Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to pilots.
He is the nephew of Saudi King Abdullah and one of the richest men in the world.
Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago.
They were launched to stop advances from Shiite Houthi rebels.
But they appeared to resume on Wednesday following advances by rebels.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst.
The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness.
Henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of both women.
Now, newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from the
Shay Mitchell stars on Pretty Little Liars, but also travels to India and Morocco for charity work.
Julie Falconer's Instagram account, A Lady in London, showcases the best of the English capital.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched appeal last month for $65million private jet.
Appeal asked for $300 or more to buy Gulfstream G650 to replace damaged aircraft.
Dollar, known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal.
But he has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway said he was fed up with 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'
He said they were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed.
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
The firm has also used Facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in Burton Albion's 2-1 win at Morecambe.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side are up despite Bury still being able to catch them.
Third-placed Wycombe have played a game more than the Shakers.
Shrewsbury are a win away from a return to League One after beating York.
Mark O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday.
Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan.
Seve Ballesteros's second Masters victory featured what he called 'the best golf of my life' over the first four holes.
Lord Byron came from four strokes down to two ahead in just 25 minutes, and went on to win the first of his five majors by that same margin.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
No one was injured in the crash.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
The 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square.
Guests at the hotel can try two special cocktails that George created with head barman Walter Bolzonella.
The hotel's heated swimming pool, set in extensive gardens, is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice.
George and Amal's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of Venice's most exclusive venues.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move to Wolfsburg and Napoli.
The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for Liverpool.
Skrtel's agent Karol Csonto has confirmed it's unlikely the defender will leave Anfield.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste alerts you to duplicate buys.
iFood plus is a shopping and meal planning app.
Smartmeal calculates nutritional values of almost 350 foods.
Berry's Wine List is Britain's oldest wine and spirit merchant.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a cheeky penalty.
Neymar posted a photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi.
The Brazilian captioned the photo: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!'
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night.
Patrice Evra believes the Italians could learn from the French side.
The former Manchester United full back believes they are okay in France.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Juventus news.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
Body of wife, Kelley Jo Snyder, was found in a river near to their home.
She was last seen alive on Easter Sunday.
Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $500,000 bail.
The form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware.
It asks a further 19 questions ranging from mundane to sinister.
At the top is an introduction implying it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
The form is ominously titled ‘Invisible Empire’, an alternative name for the clan at the time.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762.
He was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Mr Harris has already been turned down once by the government agency.
David Villa cheered on former club Atletico Madrid during Champions League clash with Real Madrid.
Villa joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the Spanish capital.
The 33-year-old is enjoying life in New York and has been named club captain.
Carnival Spirit has been stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the wild weather.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
Eleven metre waves have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride.
Robin van Persie's son Shaqueel has scored 10 Premier League goals.
The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
He posted the video on his Instagram account, which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by former Colombia keeper Rene Higuita.
Van Persie Snr roars with approval after his son's strike finds the back of the net.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
He was arrested for receipt and distribution of child pornography.
If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the U.S.
The Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District.
by James Rebanks.
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
The Qatari-backed French club are understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool.
Manchester United have yet to hold detailed talks with the player.
Depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the'respect he deserves'
But a decent chunk of Arsenal’s supporters feel he doesn’t deserve much.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.
Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.
Manchester City face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4.
It will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium.
Jason Wilcox's side thrashed Coventry City 8-2 in the fourth round.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Nico de Boinville in Conditional Jockeys title race.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while DeBoinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.
The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
Depp plays the notorious criminal who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011.
The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day.
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life.
Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby.
But there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation.
Fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany.
Scotland will discover on May 21 if September's Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia will be played behind closed doors.
Second children are left with hand-me-downs, and around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more.
46% gave them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Duke of Cambridge has 124m images and mentions on social media of him as a toddler.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway.
Kent firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames.
No-one was injured and only the driver was on board at the time of the incident.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy.
The Reds' FA Cup semi-final exit against Aston Villa on Sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the Capital One Cup by Chelsea.
Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench.
In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket.
The brutal attack was captured on camera on Saturday morning by a journalist from South
Marv the cat became stuck in a gap between two garages in Bristol.
He was left dangling upside down for two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour's wall.
After creating a hole in the wall, Marv's tail and back legs were revealed.
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
It has a genteel moat/canal, which encircles the historic centre.
HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town and the best place for Indonesian cuisine.
The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies should hand over the names and addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
But legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations.
A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
Terry Proctor, 29, of Piedmont, was arrested after a foot chase.
The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win.
Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy.
Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West visited Armenian church in Jerusalem.
Kardashian family were escorted out of the church by a priest.
The family are expected to leave Israel on Tuesday.
Gerry Adams has sparked outrage over comments he made on US television.
He suggested that incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’
The comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday.
The mega-fight is billed as the biggest pay-per-view in sport.
In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) and £66 (£66)
In Britain, Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £19.99.
Click here for more boxing news.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Mercedes have won two of the three Formula One races this season.
Lewis Hamilton has come under fire from team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Charmain Adusah, 41, was found face down in a bath in Koforidua, Ghana.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adussah, 28, is being held on suspicion of her murder.
He is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher.
The couple were said to have argued over the length of their stay.
Children caught throwing rocks at police will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles said parents should not doubt his'resolve' to take their children into the hands of child protection services.
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
On Monday night 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria, in March.
They found hens ravaged and dying at the caged chicken farm.
The owner of the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly.
Two recent inspections did not find any breaches under animal cruelty laws.
Australian Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board.
The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' at Margaret River's main break on Wednesday.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Ms Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you'
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
She has been charged with first-degree assault.
Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal.
The 22-year-old defender has impressed for Austria this season.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join Spurs this summer.
Newcastle United beat Sunderland 2-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
But on Sunday they set another record as losers of the last five derbies.
Head coach John Carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart, 24, was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout.
The semi-professional footballer could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage.
He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt.
Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road.
Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing.
Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past.
Rustemi returned minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle.
He punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards.
The former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg in January.
Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of playing for England at the forthcoming World Cup.
Morgan recently underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg.
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service, have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after
The unnamed man died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms.
He was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East.
The extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the United States, led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist.
The 20-year-old woman is being held in custody in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists and locals.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy, from North Carolina, decided to each carry a child one year apart.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
John Carver says he's enjoying his role at Newcastle.
Newcastle have won just two games under Carver.
The 50-year-old believes he's getting the best out of the players.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill.
The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders.
Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures.
In a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon.
Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead.
Alan Judge and Jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time.
Leeds lost 2-1 to Charlton Athletic in the Championship on Saturday.
Six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to The Valley.
Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events.
The Italian has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
No accidents or injuries were reported and the equine is said to be fine.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Mother Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
She said: 'I scooped him up and there was blood everywhere. She was not remorseful in the slightest'
Sweden's fab four sang 'My, my! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender'
Benny and Bjorn visited the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, just south of Brussels.
The British know what happened when Napoleon met his Waterloo.
But the French-speaking world is less convinced.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark.
The Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes.
It helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created a working Iron Man-style arm and hand.
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.
In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away.
The gadget was created by Wuppertal, Germany, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero.
The girls paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a 'test of their composure'
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005.
The uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain in Henan Province, central China, is only one-metre wide.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
The 27-year-old was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank account.
He spent the money on a number of expensive items including a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph and numerous paintings.
Moore was taken into custody on February 19 this year after he had been allowed out on bail.
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over lack of children.
Ujjal had been visiting son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' and daughter-in-law Balvinder.
Monty smashed a photo frame with his hand, which saw relatives take him to hospital.
He was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days at Manchester Crown Court.
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty.
Deportivo midfielder Lucas Perez equalised for the home side.
Gonzalo Castro scored one of the goals of the season in the 57th minute.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000.
His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Schmidt conquered a trickier task Sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in Long Beach.
He completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar, or SAM car.
Mark Lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a South Korean man.
The 42-year-old needed 80 stitches to the deep knife wound to his face.
North Korea previously called the attack 'deserved punishment' but denied any role in it.
Henri Morris, 67, admitted drugging a female employee during a business trip.
He was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims.
She told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman.
Morris was jailed for 10 years in federal prison without the possibility of parole.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he became separated.
He headed into dense woodland where he fell over 164ft drop.
Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed.
Family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with bowel cancer in July 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan.
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday (12.45pm)
Manchester City host Manchester City at the Etihad (8pm) on Sunday.
Crystal Palace travel to Manchester City for Premier League clash.
Click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out.
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
Johnson claims she was given reduced shifts, written warnings, and later terminated.
An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination.
A quarter of Britons will be from a minority background by 2051, research shows.
Baby boom will be due to Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants.
Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and NHS.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment.
But three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Friend and club vice-chairman Ben Bennett said: 'It was just a tragic accident'
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver's side have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
The Czechs have won five games against Slovakia.
Ed Balls said the letter was just a 'jokey note' left in the Treasury by Liam Byrne.
Mr Byrne left the note to his successor David Laws in 2010.
The letter has become emblematic of Labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office.
When the Coalition took office in 2010 the budget deficit reached more than £150billion.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge.
One plan is to keep 42-year-old MP Inverness MP as Chief Secretary to the Treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the House of Lords.
Leinster are currently fifth in the Pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures.
Bath's qualities are channeled through their attack, with Mike Ford giving the likes of England backs George Ford, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson a licence to play with flair.
Clermont have not lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse in Istanbul and took him hostage.
Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the 'terrorist propaganda' images, before going on to block access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube.
Last year, Turkey blocked access to YouTube and Twitter after audio recordings of a secret security operation were leaked.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and Establishment figures.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged VIP paedophile rings.
Claims add weight to calls for abuse inquiry to be covered by inquiry.
Raymond Townsend, manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
Other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his 'lap'
She was fired after the boss allegedly forced Ganci into
Leicester City host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday, 3pm)
Matt Upson is out of the Foxes' clash with the Hammers.
Jeff Schlupp could be rested after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris before moving to a second and third hotel to evade police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for her arrest.
Shearing was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana on Wednesday.
Customer saw staff butchering dog to be served as pork dish on menu.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'I admit to killing the dog, but the meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'pack their belongings'
He has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners.
He is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants'
But he denies the charge, saying it was bad translation.
A road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney.
It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru.
Mr Honna said he thinks the truck driver's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon immigrants.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Comes amid growing alarm over number of desperate families.
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather have yet to be signed.
Top Rank boss Arum says the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed.
Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
President Obama invited the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday - but couldn't help but get one last deflategate joke in.
Obama joked that he was worried that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the AFC Championship game were under-inflated.
Coach Bill Belichick, who is notoriously humorless, responded by giving the president a thumbs down.
The Super Bowl MVP and the team's biggest star - Tom Brady - didn't attend the ceremony.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.
Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
She also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children.
Leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
Earlier this year, residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers in England.
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it's description of diggers as 'dole bludgers', rapists and terrorists.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
The admin of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'
Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell gave the Hammers the lead with a free kick on seven minutes.
Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke with a 95th minute equaliser.
Luke Shambrook went without food or water since Good Friday.
He has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old.
His parents have vowed to continue holidaying at the camping spot.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing.
NBC hold the live rights to show matches Stateside.
In 2012-13, 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
This weekend, for the first time, NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England.
Lifelong Crystal Palace fan Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor for Burnley against Arsenal, joined by former USA midfielder Kyle Martino.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at M&S.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
When she could not get past him she exchanged heated words with him, it is alleged.
Mr Buckley, who weighed only 8st, fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist.
He was taken into intensive care and put on a life-support machine.
Two months later, the decision was taken to turn
Long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
Lewis Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in Bahrain.
The Briton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his lead in the championship.
Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from Sir Jackie Stewart.
Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
The Raffles International Showcase featured seven emerging designers from the Raffles College of Design and Commerce.
Rory McIlroy will take part in the 2015 Masters on Wednesday.
The Northern Irishman will be accompanied by Niall Horan.
One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year he won his first major.
McIlroy piqued interest of photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield.
The 20-year-old Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill.
Januzaj has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal.
Hamm, 44, was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the Sigma Nu fraternity in 1990.
The fraternity was shut down in 1990 after the pledge's mother made her son's alleged assault public by going to the police.
Hamm was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation.
But he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
Summer Robertson died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a beach.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Another volunteer, 19-year-old Alice Barnett, died a day later.
Her parents John and Sarah have been remembering their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy'
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts.
She is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying.
But this time it is House and her new husband, Zackerie House, 27, who police are after, accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by running over them in his pick-up truck.
Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing Carter and trying to kill him in a parking lot in Compton on January 18.
Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January.
He claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.
The audio release comes
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked after hamstring injury.
Jonathan Walters expected to return from calf knock.
Marc Muniesa set to return to Stoke squad after missing five games.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound.
The 23-year-old was suffering from a suspected concussion when he attacked.
Emergency crews were called and two officers were forced to escort him to hospital.
But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson.
Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings from Tories SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom'
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
But Scottish First Minister vows to work with Miliband to 'lock out' Cameron.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job.
But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Manuel Pellegrini will leave the Etihad Stadium at the end of the season.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are likely to lead the way in China this weekend.
The Mistley Thorn is a two-minute walk from Mistley station in Essex.
Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Brisbane-based company Living Dead Clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week.
There are almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100.
The most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each.
Most expensive items are the Iron Man and Thor themed dresses at $100. The leggings are $70.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack in August.
She dumped the half-naked body in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years.
In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row.
They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of Samantha Fleming, 23.
Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary on April 6.
Apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order.
The most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK.
At the lower end of the scale British buyers pay £63 more for the Sport model.
Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold.
California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street with a rifle.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
This latest incident follows cell phone footage earlier this month capturing South Carolina police officer Michael Slager fatally shotting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running away.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week.
The couple had created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help.
Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported.
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out strongly among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott tied the knot at the London Marathon on Sunday.
The couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras.
Matchroom Sport boss Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight.
Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion.
Churchill Downs hosts the 141st running of the Kentucky Derby on May 2.
The track has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones.
Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids.
Selfie sticks aren't allowed inside Yankee Stadium.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, appeared on This Morning.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship.
Jane has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche.
Wenger said it would be a'shame' for Burnley to go down.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Dick Advocaat's side moved three points clear of the relegation zone.
Jamie Carragher criticised Tim Krul for his half-time actions.
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form.
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Bloody footprints show the path the girl had to make after finding her mother shot to death and a father who'd killed himself.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have covered almost 7,000 miles since leaving London last year.
They have been through 16 countries and have slept on less than three euros a day.
Pablo says they get invited for a meal, or for some free veggies or fruits.
Ilze often stars in their images with Pablo the designated photographer.
Nick Clegg and wife Miriam invited cameras into their £1.5m family home.
Couple were seen drinking wine and cooking paella in the kitchen.
They were asked why they chose to remain with their three sons.
Mr Clegg quipped: 'Discussion's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no'
But Mrs Clegg said she didn't take it 'too seriously'
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV.
Holland international says he is happy in Eindhoven but wants to play in a stronger league than the Eredivisie.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff'
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting Lib Dems.
Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland.
Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down.
Justin Rose is joint third in the US Open at Augusta.
The Englishman is seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth.
Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes on his opening day 67.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
Players have to win three best-of-19 frame rounds to go forward to the World Championship which begins later this month.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old was the underdog for the UIC Pavilion bout.
Jack defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night.
The 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of Belize into an eco-resort and conservation area.
Blackadore Caye is an unpopulated, private 104-acre island in the Caribbean Sea owned by DiCaprio and a business partner.
The ambitious project will include villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt'
He was so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.
Was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and was a personal trainer.
Now plans to enter body building competitions to showcase his transformation.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest IS propaganda video.
The blue-eyed, Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser'
Kamelh was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and Perth.
He is believed to be in his late 20's and completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
A university student said he showed no signs that he would defect to the militant group.
Salford City beat Clitheroe Town 2-1 in the Evo-Stick League Northern Premier.
Paul Scholes co-owns the club with former Manchester United team-mates Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt.
A draw at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'
But the 30-year-old admits the paperwork has been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium at this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open.
Veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in last eight.
World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 in low-quality clash.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
The photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Lib Dems on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties'
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat, in September 2013.
Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012.
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer in October 2013.
He had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
They then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it and he has to go to hospital.
Now preparing to run the London Marathon to raise money for Cancer Research.
TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence and men are'very, very bright or very thick'
Starkey also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Claims fears of Islamophobia are victimising Muslims, making them 'privileged and exempt'
Kevin Pietersen has signed a new deal with Surrey.
Chris Tremlett believes Paul Downton was wrong to sack him.
Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013.
The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake.
Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, it has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter.
Belfast-born baker opts for a pistachio-based Marzipan and flavours it with orange zest, chopped figs and nutmeg.
Actress Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Her daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
Duncan is best known as the bubbly face of Spray'n'Wipe.
The Cop Shop actress is also famous for her adverts for Ajax.
She has also revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament.
The 35-year-old is hoping to win Royal Challengers Bangalore's first-ever IPL crown this year.
Gayle posted a picture via his Instagram account on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage.
Simeone takes Atletico to rivals Real Madrid for a Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night.
Real Madrid have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon last week.
Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
The full interview is set to air Thursday.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate tensions with Argentina over ownership of the islands.
After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the island.
The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a ‘very live threat’ from Argentina.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
But it didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy.
Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep the visitors at bay.
Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary.
The 39-year-old was refused a passport because he is a terror risk.
Home Office letter says he is an extremist linked to banned group Al Muhajiroun.
Choudary made headlines last month when it emerged he had been invited to speak at the Oxford Union despite being on police bail.
Chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of blondes.
He divorced his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year.
Sources close to the restaurateur say he is'smitten' with Ms Lutsyshyna.
But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo.
Study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex.
But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions, like Bridget Jones.
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work.
He asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers.
Palambo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful'
Terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province.
It came amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
The militants clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla, a city the militants overran earlier this month.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London.
The system, which measures a player's contribution to the success of his team, sees Manchester City’s Sergio Aguero replace Diego Costa up front.
Cesc Fabregas, a surprise omission from the PFA Player of the Team, is included in the EA Sports XI.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat.
The wombat was grazing in the Wilsons Promontory National Park in southeast Victoria.
It looks like there's no bad blood between the two native Australian's as they both continued grazing straight after the encounter.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand last month.
The Ben Canaans are now living in Timaru, 320km away.
They are now able to access personal technology, like mobile phones and have a television which they can watch without restrictions.
Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject birth control.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her Caboolture home on Tuesday morning.
She contacted a relative on Thursday but police still have serious concerns for her welfare.
They believe she was taken in a silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander with the Queensland registration 789VNI.
Detectives are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-earth elements came from.
Our current theory of Earth’s formation involves more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave this summer.
The German manager believes he has taken the club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Arsenal and Manchester City are among those on alert.
Oscar has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season.
The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho.
Chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure to help balance the books.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed.
The dog bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her backyard.
She pleaded guilty to a charge relating to an 1.5cm cut allegedly caused by Izzy on the middle finger of a woman trying to pull the dog away from her daughters.
Izzy was seized by Knox City Council in June 2013.
This is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire.
But as he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, Mr Bell was struck by Toyota.
Mother-of-three Iram Shahzad pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell’s death.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Bayern are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba for the quarter-final, first leg in Portugal.
Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injury troubles.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Sir Bruce Forsyth and Tess Daly have failed to achieve a nomination.
The 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane in Toronto.
He shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning.
In the shot, Mac can be see holding on to the ladder for dear life.
The animal slowly climbed to the ground without being hurt and 'found somewhere else to sleep all day'
It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade.
WeatherWatch Australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
But they did not know exactly where the storm was going to form.
It covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live.
Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to travel to Libya.
His eldest son Amer, 21, is fighting for the Jabhat al-Nusra group.
He has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks.
Mr Deghays' two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces.
They were killed in separate incidents last year in Syria.
It is believed he is with his brother Omar, who is currently in Tripoli.
Kim reveals her daily diet in an extract from her book Selfish.
She works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye.
The reality television star even snacks, saying she enjoys Justin's peanut butter packs and spoonfuls of Dulce de Leche-flavoured Häagen-dazs ice cream.
Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone.
The pair met the cast and crew of a short film examining girls and gangs.
Mr Clegg said his wife 'wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
A wily coyote gave the New York Police Department the runaround on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of a co-op building next to a church in Manhattan.
The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging on-scene officers' attempts to catch it.
It was only captured more than an
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in January.
The 73-year-old was abducted on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
It has now been claimed that his family transferred money to his kidnappers.
They are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners.
Also claimed they were used as a shield to protect senior Al Qaeda operative.
Weinstein's wife Elaine has slammed the US government's response to his death.
Last week, a jury found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all charges related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line.
The jury will decide next week whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Bill and Denise Richard wrote a moving op-ed for the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty.
They say sentencing Tsarnaev will only bring continued pain for themselves and the other hundreds of bombing victims.
'As long as the defendant is in the spotlight, we have no choice but to live a story told on his terms, not ours,'
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after his agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000.
They show everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots.
The Fourteen Stars Tavern building was pulled down in 1857 and later turned into flats.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
Gregory, a married mother-of-two, is likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information.
Banksy is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year.
He left behind four murals, including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe.
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door.
But Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100.
Celtic beat St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong had started the game with a couple of heavy touches.
Kieran Sadlier, Marc McAusland and Yoann Arquin restored to the side.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, from Melbourne, has 189,000 followers on Instagram.
The Melbourne hairdresser has undergone a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package with CosMediTour.
Her trip to Thailand was financially motivated, as she cannot afford surgery in Australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé Jody Abrahams.
Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure.
The Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.
Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside Manny Pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation.
Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather.
The Filipino is in the best shape of his life, says Roach.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone.
A child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant.
The embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified.
She shed the pounds, slimming down to a healthier 12.5st.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night.
The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place in the Premier League.
Eden Hazard has helped Belgium's cause with 12 goals for Chelsea.
Spain have the likes of Diego Costa and David Silva on target.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as PM tried to answer question.
She stood up and heckled Cameron about homeless people who had served in armed forces.
The mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top'
She said: 'They don't want to answer the toughest questions because they can't'
Ronnie O'Sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace Jeremy Clarkson.
The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars.
O'Sullivan will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 of the Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days.
Ms Sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
The single-mum said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future'
Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during a stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
Chyknell Hall Estate, near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, is on the market for £6million.
It comes complete with a Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages.
The estate also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and even its own cricket green.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted this slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market.
Rodgers admits he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign.
Arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since Christmas in all competitions.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk.
There are 105 recognised species of lemur, of which 24 are critically endangered, 49 are endangered, 20 are vulnerable and three are near-threatened.
In the US, there are 35 endangered species including breeds of rats, bats and wolves.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history.
In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic’s garage for three generations.
A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago.
In 2000, love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship which was written in 1918.
Brooke’s self-justifications seem both faintly irritated and distinctly patronising, especially given that he addresses a woman less than three years his junior as ‘child’
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain.
Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan said the appeal of his company's single serve coffee machine is that users can 'just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes'
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine.
She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Ms Gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son Tommy.
Jihadis have seized control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in Damascus.
They posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
ISIS' decision to publicly execute the men has sparked outrage in Gaza.
Hundreds of Hamas supporters swore bloody revenge on terror group during march yesterday.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
The former Manchester United defender says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Evra left for Juventus on a free transfer last summer.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead.
The Baggies meet again at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Gerald Whalen visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander'
KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market.
He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at 18 in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire.
His daily hand-out is a fraction of his estimated £40million worth.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool.
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'
He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright was arrested on Saturday after the suspect's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
Woman accused of falsely claiming to be related to victim of Germanwings crash.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after crash in French Alps.
Police are investigating possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution.
The FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest.
Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
Woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in Russia.
55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and two monkeys.
Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
Plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along runway.
Crew ordered evacuation after Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety.
Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
Items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
The auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child.
Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
Residents in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen have been chumming the water to lure the animals back.
They are asking the city to designate the area for swimming only, which would outlaw fishing.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert.
It comes in 500ml pink or blue tubs and is blended with Madagascan Vanilla.
All profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity.
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Neymar's sister Rafaella headed to watch El Clasico of basketball with the Barcelona forward.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division by points difference.
The 42nd PFA Awards took place at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Harry Kane and Frank Lampard are nominated for two awards.
David De Gea and Dele Alli made up an all-star cast.
Eden Hazard is favourite to be crowned PFA Player of the Year.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house as part of Sky Living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, The Enfield Haunting.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents, one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position, insisting: 'I didn't touch anything!'
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Team at Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it has been revealed.
It is being led by the owner of Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira.
Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh said it would encourage 'improving relationship'
Lee Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking, and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer, but soon they were spending all their time together.
The two would sneak over to the Hudson's house after work, and each bring a date so people did not know they were in fact dating.
This lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and while their sneaking around seemed to work for awhile, Hudson became concerned
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
The Manchester United duo appeared in their 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Rojo and Di Maria sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma.
Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by the two hundred-pound dogs while jogging in July, and was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm)
Alan Hutton limped off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United.
Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson are doubts along with Tom Cleverley and Aly Cissokho.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young are both out for QPR.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract this summer.
Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn.
Benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million Kensington townhouse.
Critics say she ordered the dramatic overnight paint job to 'get her own back'
She has also fallen out with the family of her late husband Robert, who have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007.
Her stepson says her behaviour does not surprise him, having last had contact with her in 2012 when they continued to row over the inheritance he believes is due to him and the wider family.
Luis Figo does not believe all African nations will vote for Sepp Blatter.
The FIFA presidential candidate is in Egypt to canvass for votes.
Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein and Michael van Praag are the other candidates.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed.
A fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed several collisions over three years.
He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
Police uncovered Smith's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims.
More than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another and were mainly said to be friends and relatives of the 12 defendants.
Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in organising the collisions, were all found guilty of conspiracy
A cross-dressing robber robbed a service station in Taylors Hill, Victoria.
The 23-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Living near congested roads can increase the risk of dementia.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters the structure of the brain.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding relegation.
Burnley face Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Dyche's side remain in the relegation zone but are just three points off 15th.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
Doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
If convicted, Surkov could face life in jail if convicted.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
The Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, he is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident.
Keane is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar.
He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
A not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo.
The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
Morata started just three La Liga games for Real last season.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Her son was a very fussy eater, so she had to think of ingenious ways to ensure he was getting a wholesome balanced diet whilst enjoying what he was eating.
She says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children and eventually they will see positive results when it comes to a healthy diet.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for cosmetic treatments.
Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost.
Michael Pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness.
Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon, which are native to Alaska, migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds.
The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch.
Rubi Light had the option of running Friday’s shorter Topham Chase but Hennessy said: ‘He is going to run. There is only one National. One of his runs over three miles was when he was second in the Lexus Chase to Synchronised and he went on to win the Gold Cup that season'
The Splendour of the Seas will be transformed by Thomson.
The mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
Magellan is a new flagship of the Cruise & Maritime fleet.
P&O’s smallest ship, the 700-passenger Adonia, was built in 2001.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The Official Vinyl Charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint.
She didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.
The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says didn't get the recognition that she deserved.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games.
The Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent derby disappointments.
Newcastle face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving free vitamins.
She is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes bone deformities.
The disease was eradicated after the Second World War but is returning.
V. Stiviano, 32, has been ordered to pay his wife $2.6million.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stivaliano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property.
Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that she couldn't seek them from a third party.
Marc and Shanon Parker have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground on Wednesday morning.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
The £86million signing missed a one-on-one chance at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Broadway Allotment Association moved to new allotments in Oldham.
Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for car park.
Gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean.
They are demanding that Oldham council pays out compensation for problems.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
In entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
Analysis showed spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men's clothing.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's security detail led journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday.
Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene.
A lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary's signature black conversion van - 'Scooby', for the uninitiated – hitting 92 mph in a
Arnold Schwarzenegger says Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act is 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party.
The legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays.
Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
Prime Minister warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'
Mr Cameron has previously accused Ukip supporters of being 'fruitcakes'
Latest polls have put the Conservatives and Labour virtually neck and neck.
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as UCI honorary president.
The former head of international cycling is unhappy with the CIRC report verdict.
He has also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold, Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, New York on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack.
Siddiqui met Samir Khan, an American citizen, in 2006, and later had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine.
Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen, but before that he published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make.
They share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare regime.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
Pups change the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk, communicate, walk or socialise.
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals.
Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but has always been a defensive liability.
Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back'
Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry questioned Luiz's fitness.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.
The ship has 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time.
It has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients.
Passengers with a head for heights can try out the North Star aerial observatory, a glass capsule that takes guests more than 300 feet above the ocean.
Madonna kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with him.
Sources tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel to push it higher into orbit.
It is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
Researchers have uncovered the mystery of Mercury's'stealth' colour scheme.
They say a steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted Mercury black over billions of years.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, it has been ruled.
In landmark ruling, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night.
New England Patriots will take on the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and their NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
Seattle Seahawks will visit the Green Bay Packers in week two.
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running budget deficit.
State will continue to spend more on public services and overseas aid.
Projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate annual deficit of £153billion under Labour in 2009-10.
David Cameron and George Osborne then plan to run a surplus of £7billion in 2019-20.
Floyd Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao.
Mayweather has been slammed for pronouncing himself superior to Muhammad Ali.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has characterised the fight as 'good against evil' but the barbs have not rattled Mayweather.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare.
The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Photographer Jeff Gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names: 731 Australians, 339 British, 55 Americans, a handful of French and Canadians and 662 others.
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The singer's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials said.
Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames.
Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders the lead.
But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery on Chicago's north side on Tuesday.
Authorities have said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide.
Cantu and his wife Katie McGowan met while he was working at Chicago restaurant Charlie Trotter's.
Extra Storage Space has been viewed almost 600,000 times.
It features new parents sharing their tips on how to cope with a new baby.
The video was created by a group of parents based in the US.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012.
The incident occurred about 3.30pm Monday at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution.
Forsyth was rushed to Ocasala Regional Medical Center in critical condition and was taken into surgery, but he later died from his injuries.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged.
The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Police detained a gunman on Wednesday who entered an Istanbul branch of the ruling AK Party and hung from its window a Turkish flag with the emblem of a sword.
Sidonie, a well-known Spanish band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
The group, who posted the video to Facebook and Youtube, explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants.
Ryanair, however, wasn't as impressed with the band's performance.
The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station.
No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past.
Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Alison Saunders consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Lord Janner.
Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse have raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had yellow fever vaccine in preparation for assignment in Ivory Coast.
He spent two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work.
Malcolm believes vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
Since its invention in 1951, more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
The striker scored his first treble in two years to seal victory.
Villa are three points above the Premier League drop zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday.
She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
BBC claimed plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence'
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Clarkson and his Top Gear colleagues fled South American country last year.
Celtic face Inverness in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club this summer.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure in January 2013.
He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure.
Now, the bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his vital message, while inviting the world to join in with his journey online.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter.
He became angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign packages relating to his online business.
Retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter's address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage.
Townsend supported himself with his Zimmer frame as he admitted criminal damage.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories.
'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' (amazing) when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Martinez's son - Winkler's stepson - started dating Langlais when she was six-months pregnant with Adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler when the two eventually broke up.
They reported Adrian's injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's
Rangers drew 1-1 with Scottish Championship strugglers Livingston.
Stuart McCall's side are four points behind Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this’
It comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the Tories’ economic record.
The letter claimed the 'Conservative-led Government has been good for business' and backed the cut in corporation tax to 20 per cent.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex.
A woman, 47, has claimed Hansen 'grabbed the screwdriver and started digging at the back of my gums'
Hansen has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP)
She died this month after buying it online to slim down - despite being a normal weight.
DNP is a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
Some websites promise next-day delivery, while others offer free samples.
Chelsea are planning a victory parade around Stamford Bridge.
The Blues are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations.
Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending.
13 U.S. senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea.
The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee.
England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996.
Radamel Falcao has failed to score since January 31 against Leicester.
The Colombian has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League.
Falcao's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for Manchester United.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL.
She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times.
The lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.
The animal reacts in panic and attempts to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it.
Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
The Southampton defender is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea.
Clyne has also been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, robbed Stanley Evans, 93, in the entrance to his block of flats.
He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but snatched his wallet.
Pensioner was then left lying on the floor for ten minutes after the attack.
Bygraves has been jailed for 30 months at Southwark Crown Court.
The homeless man has 21 convictions for 49 offences, including three robberies.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house on Wednesday.
She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
The mother-of-five has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail.
Property in north west London was one of five properties developer bought.
Couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Saudi Arabia.
But after their divorce, the woman moved into townhouse, claiming right to live there as matrimonial home.
She has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement.
Husband is said to be worth £600m and blows up to £10m per year.
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table.
They were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
Babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity'
The 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has become a part of the couple's family.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
The joey also has a collar, like many dogs, as a protective measure to ensure he can be found at nighttime.
ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market.
No women appear in any of the photos.
ISIS have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
They were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case, raising concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday.
The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland.
However, Dick Advocaat has confirmed Johnson remains available for selection.
For the time being, the Black Cats' position remains unchanged, and that means Johnson can play on as Sunderland battle relegation.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
The Championships opening day has been postponed after wild weather left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on.
Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning.
Under normal circumstances the Australian Turf Club would've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat.
Racegoers who won't be able to make Monday's event will be offered the option of receiving a refund.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Edinson Cavani scored twice in the French League Cup final against Bastia.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling Cavani.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home to Italy.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her remains were found in an elaborate grave in a cave in Cantabria.
They were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
This has since faded and a tombstone was found nearby.
The study provides the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans and helps shed new light on the mysterious Red Lady.
North Sentinel Island belongs to India and remains an enigma despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years.
The islanders are rarely photographed or recorded on video; the only existing images or video clips tend to be of poor quality.
Indian authorities have made it a crime to try to make contact with the Sentinelese.
It is illegal to go within three miles of the island, which is part of India’s chain of Andaman Islands.
Sisters Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me'
The sisters say they don't actually like modelling, despite 1732 Instagram posts that would suggest otherwise.
The photo shoot was their own idea, which according to Jess they 'threw together' because they didn't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look that is all about over-the-top colours and accessories.
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank.
It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
But the Englishman admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Despite Ryder Cup heroics, he has still never won a strokeplay event on US soil.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks.
Huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985.
He now follows his hunchbacked wife around, clasping onto a bamboo shaft.
The couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends.
The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days'
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 final at Old Trafford.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal.
Gianluigi Buffon and Carlos Tevez are among the stars celebrating.
Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Barcelona are all on the horizon.
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison.
Police say he conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter.
When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed that he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter.
He is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children, both boys and girls.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44.
Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Mark Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire.
Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin.
The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has scored six goals in eight games.
Hernandez's double means he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested by Gresham police on Sunday afternoon.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner.
Calvin was arrested and booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN.
Zaslav received $144million in awards for his six-year contract, with $33.3m of that coming from stock awards.
The amount is far, far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year, Sumner Redstone and Les Moonves.
Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City on Friday.
The Grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division, both trailing Golden State, which has already sealed the conference title.
San Antonio's Jeff Green scored 22 points and Marc Gasol added 19 to lead six Grizzlies players in double figures.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Chicago's Pau Gasol had 26 points and 10 rebounds for his 50
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants.
University said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels - which are known when they apply to university.
Deputy Prime Minister vows to cling on as leader even if party is wiped out.
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'
David Luiz posted a picture sporting a new hairdo on Wednesday.
The PSG defender tore a hamstring in Sunday's 3-2 win at Marseille.
Luiz will be out for at least four weeks with the injury.
Survey found 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
A third of under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to discuss the issue.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
The female was aged between 35 and 40 when she was entombed.
Herself and her peers would have used stone tools, needles made from bones and projectile tips fashioned from the antlers of the deer and the cave would have been used for shelter and living quarters.
When the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Club president Naoki Ogane claims that Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels.
German paper Bild report the bid has been placed but Sportsmail understands the offer hasn't gone in yet.
Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain.
The two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey.
Poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
There has been a 14 per cent rise in men opting to work part-time in the last two years.
This compares to a 4 per cent increase in women choosing part time work over the same period.
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours, compared to 4.58million women.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week.
A warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
He boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
His Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department.
'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene.
Clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest.
She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering
The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill.
He had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none had taken him seriously.
The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14, the age of criminal responsibility in Spain.
Ander Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday.
But six of his seven goals have been scored without him looking at the ball.
Herrera's eyes were also shut for Manchester United's third goal.
The 25-year-old joined United for £29million in the summer.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot'
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
It uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.
This removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation.
The robot is covered in a green soft plastic cover, which is designed to protect humans and
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan but charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.
Dr Errol Cornish, 67, also accused of corporate manslaughter.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
She suffered massive bleeding and died soon afterwards on October 9, 2012.
Labour leader read from motivational notes during leaders' clash.
Cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
He urges himself to'stay calm, never agitated' and'relish the chance to show who I am'
His scrawled notes, found in his dressing room after debate, give insight into his mindset.
Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools.
She claims that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them.
Also alleges that chlorine used in their tanks is'many times stronger than household bleach'
This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than one month.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, assigned her third-grade class to write 'get well' letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal.
The letters were delivered to the convicted cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison.
Abu-Jama is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system.
Last Friday, 26-year-old Lance Futch drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs.
Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker.
'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute.
The home side went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbrough's victory at Norwich on Friday.
Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers.
They are most often identified by their songs, which they use to navigate.
Scientists have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'
Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
Scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
But the mother-of-two said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
She said that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you'
Anais Zanotti, 30, from Saint-Tropez, France, has skydived more than 1,350 times.
The pro-skydiver now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump out of planes.
She says: 'I love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking'
Andrew Odell bought a loaf of bread from Aldi in Milton Keynes.
He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket.
Aldi replied that his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sun spots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to the party.
She accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the mainstream.
Tensions had escalated last week after he defended comments.
Mr Le Pen was quoted as calling France's Spanish-born PM Manuel Valls 'the immigrant' and defending Philippe Petain, leader of war-time government that cooperated with Nazi Germany.
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer.
The 22-year-old is out of contract in the summer and could join Burnley.
Louis van Gaal is also interested in Memphis Depay, Nathaniel Clyne and Mats Hummels.
Javier Pastore dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
Pastore scored a brace in PSG’s 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday.
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus.
She was on a shopping trip with her daughter Olivia, eight, when the collision happened.
Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she managed to push her daughter to safety.
Her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident on March 31.
Hundreds of police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at her funeral.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard.
The 42-year-old was jailed for 12 weeks and banned indefinitely from contacting his victim.
Australian home cook icon Lyndey Milan has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
For dessert, Lyndey says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
New 'kick and kill' vaccine aims to eradicate virus by stimulating immune system.
Scientists believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'
This allows a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
When the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard left Ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
McLaren have struggled for pace and reliability during the first two Grand Prix of the season.
Two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
It comes after the head of Ofsted warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Rory McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 to finish seven shots behind Jordan Spieth.
The world No 1 is scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (BST) on Friday.
McIlroy will be hoping for the early runners to drop shots as he's scheduled to play in the final group.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host wore a frown as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday.
She said, 'He was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him'
The 44-year-old beauty was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming.
The FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he 'liked' one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Ali, 26, is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition – a range of sports nutrition products.
Carlo Ancelotti says he will remain in charge of Real Madrid next season.
The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday.
Marca bills Saturday's La Liga matches as 'High Risk', while SPORT lead on the role of the Camp Nou crowd.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
He raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners.
Kipsiro says he has received death threats after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police.
The 28-year-old says he will have to leave Uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate his claims.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Skateboarding is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding.
40 per cent of the program's students are female; the girls also have the option of joining a back-to-school program.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
She drove to locations frequented by the homeless, such as Central Station Tunnel and Hyde Park.
Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the blaze which started in July 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze as frightened passers-by watched on.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon.
The Croatia international had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Diego Costa delivers.
Atletico have a history of great strikers which stretches back decades.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink proved a great striker for Atletico as the club produce top forwards continually.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and contact details.
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
The account was started by Elite Daily's staff writer Kaylin Pound.
It relies on submissions via direct messages and has 148,000 followers.
Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner's sunglasses.
Brits spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
Almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same thing online.
Men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety, as opposed to women’s £53.50.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
He went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies, only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies.
Now the town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old saw his boyhood club lose twice at Wembley in 2010.
Villa lost to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup final four.
Grealish says Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just a day before he lost his battle with the illness.
The married father of two and grandfather had taught special education and social studies at the school for the past eight years.
He was universally remembered as a deeply caring, wise man who was committed to his students and players.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
Police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the Coral Way area.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take-off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire.
He described the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees... owww!'
The woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of Chicago.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring.
Russell Henley flew in for the Master's golf tournament in Georgia last Sunday.
But his golf clubs did not arrive and he tweeted his frustration.
United Airlines returned his clubs six hours later.
Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have also complained.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and staff lunch room.
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice.
'We're the Google of Australia and that's how we see ourselves,' General Manager of products Joost Poulus said.
During lunch or breaks, staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other colleagues,
The Whole Damn Farm burger is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
The burger contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
He fears areas such as the Llŷn Peninsula will become 'no-go' areas for young, aspiring GPs.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin, Northern Territory.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter, similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012.
Harry will hang up his fatigues and, after attending official functions in Perth and Sydney, is expected to return to Britain.
In July, the Prince is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in Africa before finally deciding on a fulltime job.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines and is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
This helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile.
The 29-year-old woman was chased by police through the Pattaya region.
They shot out three wheels of her car after she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car to protect her.
She was given a 'hefty' traffic fine and ordered to pay for damages.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a United supporter.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Kendra Spears, 26, married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 after a four month engagement.
She follows in the footsteps of Rita Hayworth and Queen Noor.
Prince Rahim's younger brother Hussein also married an American.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton.
The German will start second on the grid with Sebastian Vettel third.
Rosberg has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make.
A new pop-up shop in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors.
At the original location, women pay 76 per cent; in New Orleans this fall, women will pay 66 per cent, since women in Louisiana make even less compared to men.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts, was defaced with black and green paint.
The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother in 1892.
She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Raikkonen was reeling in team-mate Sebastian Vettel at the time.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct, making a riot and possession of a controlled substance.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo Open.
Serb became first player to win opening three Masters 1000 events.
Djokovic was on court for almost three hours as he overcame Czech.
The EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities'
It can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab.
Currently, the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way, diagonally and sideways.
The car's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself, 'even within narrow and congested roads'
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Russian side Zenit St Petersburg.
The 33-year-old's current deals expire at the end of the season.
Arshavin spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk joined Zenit in 2013.
As part of the recent moves around comet 67P, Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface on Saturday.
Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right.
The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface.
In the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to the ‘head’ of
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Glenn Murray scored the only goal of the game.
Yaya Toure and Eliaquim Mangala were also on the bench.
Nicola Sturgeon addressed a nationwide audience of Britons.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the TV debate.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple.
After the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
He's also funded by his church, where the head Buddhist Priest Fukumitsu funds his costume and bike.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
The university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
Suit comes as colleges across the country are under increased scrutiny for how they respond to allegations of sexual assault.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped.
He soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'We're going to die', during the call and told her to'stay low' and reminded her to breathe.
Prince George’s County firefighters were able to enter the room by going through the home and breaking a window.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers.
The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
He has signed a two-year deal with the South Australian franchise in a move that had been widely anticipated.
Labour leader's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land.
Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
The site was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986.
Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
She says the most scared she's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned,
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug.
Rother District Council spokesperson said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug'
Owner James Kimber said the source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 April.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015.
Captain Rahmani was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the opening goal for the Blues.
John Terry came in from behind with a challenge on Radamel Falcao.
The challenge sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He was said to have spent most of the day at Monta Vista High School.
Police and volunteers had searched for the teen, who does not have a car.
Sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in 2006.
The incident occurred during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit.
Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
Smith insists that was not the case.
Mesut Ozil was at his brilliant best against Liverpool on Saturday.
The German star is worth paying to watch when he is at his best.
Ozil has scored seven goals in his last eight league games.
He sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford, 75, has been fighting Worcestershire County Council for two years.
The theatre director intended to retire to the house in Stourpour-upon-Severn.
But a judge ruled that the house was not her home at the time.
Now the council has won the right to use the equity in the house for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
Solicitors warn case could pave the way for relatives across the country to be liable for their parents' care.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund.
The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk.
Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder Odin Lloyd.
But not about a separate 2013 incident in which Bradley contends Hernandez shot him in the face.
Hernandez, 25, is charged with killing Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister.
Bradley, who has sued Hernandez over a February 2013 shooting incident, will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge.
The news has stunned the community of Coeur d'Alene
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion.
He ran a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Bollaert was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt.
The Vincenti sisters were taken from their mother's home in Australia in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father Tomaso was an abuser.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad.
Emily and Claire Vincenti are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid are desperate to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
De Gea's contract is up at Old Trafford in the summer of 2016.
Chelsea's Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Lionel Messi's injury dominates in Sport, while in Italy there is more news on Palermo's Paulo Dybala.
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after admitting the murders.
She strangled six newborns, then stashed their bodies in her garage.
Huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Her estranged husband Darren West, who previously served time in prison, is not considered a suspect in their deaths.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
'I'd rest 10 seconds, then take four to six steps,' Melamed said.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt.
They were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Shannon Mann, 22, said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years.
She conceived her son while on contraception but said she wouldn't change it for the world.
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons for Blackburn.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing the 25-year-old on loan.
Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for Rhodes.
Hull City currently sit fourth in the Premier League table.
Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries slashed.
The Tigers have the third-lowest total wage bill in the league.
Hull travel to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton says Pacqiao has the style to beat Mayweather.
Hatton says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives Mayweather a huge advantage.
But Hatton warns Floyd Jnr to stay away from Amir Khan.
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret'
Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
During that time, he kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Cleveland home.
Roldan describes Castro as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher.
Court documents detail how at times, the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with Altice.
One of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against Altice are 'ridiculous
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
She had X-rays which revealed her spine was slightly curved.
But a private surgeon sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer found a tumour in her coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery.
The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe.
Listeria generally only affects the elderly, people with compromised immune systems, pregnant women and their newborn infants.
Blue Bell Creameries issued a voluntary recall for all of its products on Monday night after two samples of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream tested positive for listeriosis.
Celtic face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with chance to go eight points clear.
Win their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
Scottish Premiership leaders have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
UK also got low placings for lack of religious tolerance, crime rates that are only middling by world standards.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and son Grayden.
He then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues.
At this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino is the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Four of his young Tottenham players — Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker — all played for England this week.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend.
His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Storm is expected to move up toward Chicago in the next few days.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward, 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; testing the level of lactate; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt.
Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team mates' on Saturday night.
The former United striker said: 'Great company great team mates. #MUFC'
Cole, like Giggs, Neville and Butt, still holds strong links to United as he is employed as a club ambassador.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment.
The men were arguing over which phone was better, police said.
They were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
It was not revealed in the report which of the men was a fan of which smartphone.
Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici.
The Arsenal goalkeeper let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time.
Federici was inconsolable at the final whistle despite his team-mates and staff trying to help.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 to reach their second consecutive FA Cup final.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral hit out at falling standards.
Insurance giant said many youngsters lose out at the very beginning of looking for work.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival, Theo Blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.
The angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round.
And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes.
At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range, the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to their third successive Premier League loss.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire.
Neville believes it was the Old Trafford outfit's worst performance in five or six weeks.
Christopher Furniss-Roe was sent to bed early for breaking his sister's bucket.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather, 54, after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
Mr Haigh died weeks after the ceremony in November last year.
Little Foot was an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa.
It lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
The findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind's ancient relatives.
The Sacramento Kings are signing Sim Bhullar to a 10-day contract.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Bhullar is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
Daniel Sturridge has played just 12 league games this season.
Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play every week'
Sturridge has been hampered by injuries during the course of the campaign.
Liverpool boss Rodgers is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings.
Mats Hummels is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The Germany international has been on Manchester United's list of targets.
Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Elia Viviani was involved in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs.
The Italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground.
Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
The 21-year-old revealed he encountered racism as a youngster.
Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
About ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
Detectives investigating Hatton Garden gem heist missed crucial CCTV footage.
It was handed into Metropolitan Police by worker 50ft from crime scene.
Worker had reportedly contacted 101 on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.
But police raced to obtain the CCTV once report was made, despite claims it is the best footage yet.
Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday four days before the raid was discovered.
Chelsea clinched the Barclays Premier League title at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League.
Arsenal are set to secure Europa League places but only if Arsenal win the FA Cup.
Burnley and QPR are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month's edition.
They take their inspiration from the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge.
Prime Minister's wife was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke.
She visited Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children.
Mrs Cameron was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
Bobby Zamora scores QPR's third goal against West Brom.
Jermain Defoe's volley against Newcastle earned Sunderland three points.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites.
She published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Gabriel says her recipes satisfy her, even though she grew up on Nutella and Milo.
Xana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit.
He had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Miss Doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding they like one.
Men are happy only on their fourth try, survey finds.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.
Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there.
In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Poppy Smart, 23, claims builders at a building site wolf-whistled at her.
The marketing co-ordinator recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone.
She compared the whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in Worcester city centre an 'awful experience'
West Mercia police confirmed they had followed up her complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona.
Phelps was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
The 29-year-old swimmer has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, and 22 silvers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph scored the only goal of the game in the 54th minute.
Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the final at Wembley next month.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by sister.
Gillian Owens claims she used to cut the heads off her sister's dolls.
The 44-year-old has denied the claims, saying: 'I'm not proud of it... but I've changed. My niece's have never come to any harm'
The accusations sparked a Twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photographs of beheaded Barbie dolls.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI crashes in Houston.
The 34-year-old, who also has an extensive DUI record in his native Louisiana, was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light on Lockwood Drive at around 6.3opm and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic.
Joshua Medrano, 6, who was a passenger in the sedan, was fatally injured and his mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013.
Vonn has been pictured with Woods' children around the Masters.
She said Woods is a 'great father' and has helped her recover from injury.
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people.
This left them vulnerable when companies start'shedding' jobs.
A third of over-55s cited their age as the reason for not wanting to take a new qualification.
The Duke of York made his first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out.
He was visiting the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough, Florida.
The 55-year-old has always denied having any relationship with Virginia Roberts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child.
Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail.
He asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial, court heard.
Leicester City beat West Bromwich Albion 3-2 on Saturday.
Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals to seal victory.
Nigel Pearson's side are now just three points behind Hull City.
The Foxes have a game in hand over their survival rivals.
Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield.
Gunners chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina to rubber-stamp the deal.
Romero has been compared to Lionel Messi and has trained regularly with the first team.
Geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China.
The heat blasting from the 'ring of fire' has been measured at 792C (1457F) from two metres away.
Some Chinese internet users have branded it a 'gateway to hell'
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia Grace.
The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics.
She said she is keen for daughter Mia to spend time around horses as she grows up.
Zara helped take home team silver at the 2012 London Olympics.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
She admitted disposing of her boyfriend Justin Robertson's shoes.
He had been paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover.
Doyle was today sentenced to 10 months in prison.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast.
Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
They are currently in custody awaiting extradition proceedings.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes.
She would then spike them and wait for them to fall unconscious, before ransacking their homes after they fell unconscious.
Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, harassed them.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up.
Couple installed CCTV cameras to catch him in action.
But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed.
Cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot found in River Walbrook.
Experts questioned whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
It had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded.
But new evidence suggests otherwise, with seven skulls found.
Scientists are now working up a number of theories for the latest finds.
The Boudiccan Revolt raged from 60-61AD and saw British tribes unsuccessfully try to defeat the Roman army.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to beat Zenit St Petersburg 2-1.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
In Ukraine, Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team from a third straight defeat.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights.
Using wood from an old truck bed, a tandem parachute and of course, duct tape, the group managed to strap the materials together.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
Russell shares his tips for wowing winos with your knowledge.
'No expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine,' says Russell.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
They explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms, such as why many Canadian airport codes begin with the letter Y.
Many airports change names over the years so their airport codes might reflect a previous identity or purpose.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents ever seen.
Visitors to the Exclusion Zone, a nearly 50-kilometre (31-mile) radius of contamination, are banned from touching anything.
However, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Despite the ban on non-essential workers from living in the zone, wildlife in the area - including foxes - is thriving.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday to close in on Bundesliga title.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring for the Bundesliga leaders.
Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
Bayer Leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors Hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference.
No Man's Land Fort is a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight.
Built between 1867 and 1880, No Man's Fort was one of several forts ordered by then-Prime Minister Lord Palmerston to fend off the French Navy.
It needed a huge engineering effort to cut vast blocks of granite and transport them by barge to the building site, before they were lowered onto the sea bed for its foundations.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
Witnesses to the fight had different reactions.
Prime Minister visited Pirate FM in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans.
He was presented with a Cornish t-shirt emblazoned with 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Mr Cameron arrived in Penzance yesterday morning after eight hours on the train from Paddington.
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine, let slip very discreetly in an interview.
She said that she often spent nights with 'one of her friends' – meaning Kendall – in their'sister's apartment'
Hailey is the face of Topshop denim, as the brand's creative director says the model has 'a twinkle in her eye' like Cara Delevingne.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995.
He claimed his constitutional rights were violated at trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row after being sent there in 1996.
Jannik Andersen, 23, was struck and killed by freight train on Saturday.
Student was attending Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
On Monday, Mac DeMarco, a performer at festival, paid tribute to Andersen.
Coroner's office said it was too early to determine whether alcohol or drugs were involved.
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City.
Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off.
Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men who leaped down after him.
The incident comes just under a week after a man was rescued after falling onto subway tracks in Philadelphia.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island.
The volcanic stack is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
Bodies of mummies were found in the crypt of a church in Vác, Hungary.
They were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis.
14 different strains of TB bacteria had infected eight of the bodies.
Researchers traced them all back to a single source - a single strain.
It is the first evidence that mixed infections of multiple strains were common in the 18th Century.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage in New Orleans.
But moments before midnight, they were both shot dead at close range.
They were found by David's wife, Nicholas's mother, who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots.
Police have arrested Dexter Allen, 17, and Haraqyon Degruy, 18, in connection with the killings.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the secluded capital.
The super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero scored his 19th Premier League goal of the season.
The Argentine has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for City.
Manuel Pellegrini's future is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign.
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England.
The Lancastrian says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible.
Anderson is the leading Test wicket-taker in England’s history.
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face.
Russell, who was ranked the No. 5 prospect in baseball earlier this month, said the bat 'just slipped' from his hand.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas doubled Rangers' lead with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, would make the trek today.
On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet.
Florida's Republican governor Rick Scott lit into Obama and Congress in anticipation of
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson.
The baby was found unresponsive at home in Ocala, Florida, last Thursday.
Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head.
She later admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and 3 months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013, the National Crime Agency said.
The review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report exposing widespread failures of the council, police and social services.
Ali Williams crossed for a late try for Toulon to put victory beyond doubt.
Wasps are the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe's premier event.
Toulon playmaker Frederic Michalak pulls the strings for the defending European champions.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on A34.
He secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on billboard.
Tara was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard and got down on one knee.
It featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'Will you marry me?'
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
He films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass.
The prankster then films his friend who looks at his phone.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
United have confirmed that Rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury.
Robin van Persie is unlikely to regain his starting place despite playing for the Under 21s against Leicester earlier in the week.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks.
He raps 'In France deeds were done, in Germany the sleepers are waiting'
This follows reports that British police have raised security levels.
Anzac Day, which takes place on April 25, honours Australian and New Zealand soldiers who have died in war.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm when their tires got stuck in the sand.
Reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked, but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car.
The car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the road.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets will be on sale at 8pm on Thursday after weeks of wrangling.
There was speculation that the fight might be in jeopardy.
Tim Sherwood returned to White Hart Lane with Aston Villa on Saturday.
Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 to increase their Premier League chances.
Christian Benteke scored the winner for Villa.
Sherwood was visibly delighted at the result.
David Luiz will miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona.
The Brazilian defender pulled up clutching his hamstring.
Luiz will be out of action for at least four weeks.
Laurent Blanc's side are still fighting for the Ligue One title.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years.
He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt'
He pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists.
Carlton Tavern in Maida Vale, west London, was demolished without warning.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord returned two days later to find it was no longer standing.
She said: 'It is heart breaking. There was no warning'
Westminster City Council is considering legal action against developers.
Sarah Brady and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death, calling Sarah Brady a 'guiding light'
Mrs Brady was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2000 and was told she would not survive more than five years, according to the Los Angeles Times.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Sarah confirmed to E! that baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth, adding: 'He's a big healthy boy and he got an APGAR score of eight to nine'
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
The England striker has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season.
Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back In Time For Dinner.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply.
Arsenal have opted against an extended pre-season trip.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia after the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes.
Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the US this summer.
Three-year-old girl airlifted to hospital after being mauled in face by pet dog.
Alaskan Malamute crossed with Siberian Huskey at home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire.
Family heard screams and ran to find dog 'gripping' toddler by head.
They wrestled animal free but toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to face and skull.
Dog was taken to nearby vet and family gave permission for pet to be destroyed.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the deck after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge.
She disappeared under the waters of the Cam several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
By Friday, temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***'
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
Kemp and former NRL player Mark Geyer will appear on Insight's Anger episode on SBS One on Tuesday from 8.30pm.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from an inner-city Sydney penthouse.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl.
Some of the works include Rita of the Seventies and Gloria by Norman Lindsay, Tree of Life by John Coburn, Adieu Australia by Garry Shead, Victoria and Moonlight by Charles Blackman among others.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
Wenger is informed that the story was an April Fool's joke and no basis of truth to it.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications.
He has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
Mr Body Art says he has been forced to go it alone and is planning to set up his own business.
The freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning.
It sank 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula in the Sea of Okhotsk.
63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit)
A further 15 are still missing.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week.
Traffic authorities in eastern China said they were shocked when spotting this scene on CCTV footage.
The silver minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in China due to its resemblance to a load of bread, is estimated to weight around one ton.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions.
Winds of up to 100km/h are expected over the next two days.
The SES responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
In Victoria, residents are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years.
Jennie Anne Kehlet was last seen on March 22 in Table Top, Western Australia.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
No trace of the duo has been found.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of the murder of his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, on Thursday.
He was sentenced to two life terms in prison.
Fazio's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
Santana was also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing their dog.
Prosecutors said Santana 'delighted' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman.
Harry Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
Mauricio Pochettino has likened Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
Pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things don't go to plan.
England boss Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for Under 21s.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old came through the first half of 2-0 defeat to Derby.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript.
It was written in 1942 at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, code-breaking headquarters.
Turing wrote the notes at the codebreaking headquarters in 1942.
They paved the way for computer science and helped break Enigma code.
Book was among the papers he left in his will to friend Robin Gandy.
Gandy kept the notebook, using its blank pages for writing down dreams.
The notebook will be sold by Bonhams in New York on Monday.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30am.
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him appearing to
New satellite images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea.
The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim Fiery Cross Reef in the disputed region.
But by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations.
They follow equally disturbing photographs showing a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificially-built island on the nearby Mischief Reef.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
Police have launched an investigation to determine what caused the blast, but are not treating it as suspicious.
Johnny Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep off the coast of Western Australia.
The 150 kilogram ray was rubbing itself back and forward over his body - even nibbling at his head.
Debnam was completely enveloped underneath the stingray, but he remained calm and insists he relished every minute of the wonderful experience.
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut this weekend.
The 16-year-old will follow in the footsteps of his father Michael.
He will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams.
The midfielder has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth.
Steven Gerrard is no longer an automatic starter for Liverpool.
Lucas Leiva has also been sidelined for the Reds.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house.
Each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer £4.3million in benefits and care costs.
At least 16 of his children have been taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
The oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General.
Fabricio Coloccini has been skipper of Newcastle since 2011.
But John Carver is set to strip him of the captaincy this summer.
The Magpies boss will give the honour to Daryl Janmaat if he stays.
Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month's 3-0 defeat at Everton.
Moussa Sissoko skippered the team to three defeats and was himself red carded.
Choupette is the French sensation taking the modelling world by storm.
Last year she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of Cara Delevingne.
She is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet.
Bath Abbey could have the world's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains.
The Abbey, which lies at the heart of Britain's only World Heritage city, was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two years ago.
Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural under floor heating system for the abbey.
Church leaders believe the
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun in Birmingham.
CCTV showed that nobody had approached him, and he was sectioned.
Inquest heard he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself and was punched.
Mr Burrell died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
His sister, Kadisha Brown-Burrell, said she saw him following his arrest.
She said: 'Kingsley had three lumps, one on his forehead. I said to Chantelle, "Take a
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
The 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team.
Hingis had to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada.
She switched on an electric organ with her nose and sat down to play some tunes.
Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece.
After a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough for one day.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for M&S.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
Rosie says she cooks organic, healthy food, which she says is an investment but a really important one.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield.
The video also explains the physics behind super-healing abilities.
In Iron Man 2, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary.
Officials say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata have been key players.
United are now third in the Premier League table.
At least 18 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury.
The 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer.
Tuilagi's last appearance in an England shirt was during the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells, her parents told the Mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in her short life.
But the condition doesn't stop her from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars’ Uptown Funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her Facebook page.
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier Hernandez doubled the lead in the 31st minute with a header.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Nathaniel Clyne is stalling over a new contract at Southampton.
The England right-back is yet to agree fresh terms with the club.
Saints executive director Les Reed knows there will be a clamour for Clyne's signature ahead of next season.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Norfolk in 2005.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
The family decided to keep one of Ruby's puppies, Marley, and hoped she would not have her mother's adventurous tendency to roam
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted.
He required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital.
Lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it and described it as 'an amazing apparatus'
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen.
The 26-year-old previously played for Chelsea and Blackburn Rovers.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo from his time at Chelsea.
Images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster.
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
When they went to study the plants in Macedonia, Greece and Dalmatia in Croatia in 2013, they were baffled as to why the orbs were not there, but noticed that there was
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March.
The 20-year-old scored three goals in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea.
He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle on Friday night.
Her sandals remained in the footwell of her car, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood.
Friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in Pakistan - a country with a nascent democracy where the military and intelligence services still hold tremendous sway.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton.
The left back has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough.
Bamford is hoping to help Aitor Karanka's side get promoted to the Premier League.
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California.
Some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video.
In the video, the 28-year-old combats body-shamers who accuse her of being everything from 'too fat' to 'ugly'
Cassey's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of ever finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring' for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance, set to open in January 2016.
The venue is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
It will be a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
This is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today.
The prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam.
David Cameron will say high taxes and wasteful government spending are 'immoral'
14million working households are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes.
Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on 'bureaucracy' and 'crackpot Government schemes'
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his Sunderland players.
The Black Cats are two places and three points above the drop zone.
Advocaat's side have won just one in nine games this season.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The search area for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'
The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s 3-2 win over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match.
Former Portsmouth fan made his Saints debut in 2011 Carling Cup.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace.
Less than 10 minutes walk to the city's centre - with footsteps down to the heart of The Rocks - the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald ordered to pay back £20m.
They were told to do so 11 months ago after Icebreaker scheme was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash.
The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance.
TV sports presenter Gabby Logan has already repaid everything she owed.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State.
Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
In his latest video the former Morrisons security guard accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria.
Hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online.
James Gregoire, 54, was killed in 'altercation' in Clacton, Essex.
Suspect, 21, arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am today.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the 54-year-old victim.
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic officers conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
A second man was seriously injured in the brawl but his injuries are not described as life threatening.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Cesc Fabregas scored a late goal to secure the win.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in January.
She was released from hospital last month after spending six weeks at a rehabilitation clinic in Somerset West, just outside of Cape Town.
The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and brother Rudi, 22.
Her other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape.
An audio recording of the emergency phone call
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family.
Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp because she was ill.
She had stopped off to recover after 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday.
Holden said there was a possibility she had been airlifted from mountain this morning.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale.
They are encouraged to say good morning, use memory-triggering anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours'
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna said it showed the minister was 'out of touch'
Michael Phelps won 100 metres butterfly at Arena Pro Swim Series.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming.
Phelps will miss this summer's World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta.
There are so many to choose from but let's go for the reformed party animal Dustin Johnson.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge.
Paul Casey is the most likely to join Rory McIlroy and get into contention come Sunday afternoon.
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials.
Robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft.
Tottenham are pressing ahead with talks over a new deal for Nabil Bentaleb.
The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress.
England take on St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI in Basseterre.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively.
Trott scored 72 not out for England against sub-standard opposition.
Stuart Broad took three wickets in five balls for England.
Woman was attempting to throw herself off the ledge of a 10-storey Chinese tower block.
Police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment.
Fireman Xu Weiguo climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm.
He held on to her arm as she appeared to be pushing herself away.
She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for Carlisle game.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up'
Carlisle boss Keith Curle said he has been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
According to federal officials involved in the probe, the hackers wormed their way into the White House system by breaching first the State Department's network.
The White House responded to CNN’s revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber activities.
Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans.
His lawyers say he wants to go to Los Angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to Aaron Schock.
The 33-year-old resigned from the House last month amid an expenses scandal.
Schock attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle, including many selfies with celebrities such as Ariana Grande.
He is facing a federal investigation into his spending after reports about misrepresented mileage on his car and taxpayer-funded trips on a private jet.
The video, allegedly shot near the capital of Sanaa, sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine.
The 'establishing' of an ISIS-related group in Yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and Al Qaeda affiliates.
It is believed that their aim is to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which has strongholds in the south and south-east of Yemen.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes following years of insufficient dredging.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest January since records began in 1766.
Slovenia-based start-up Color Genomics is offering at-home DNA saliva test.
It detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $249 (£167)
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCAS2, along with 17 other markers.
Women with a mutation in the gene have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff three years ago.
Steven Gerrard's birthday falls on May 30, the same day as the final at Wembley.
A top-four place is virtually gone unless anyone can conceivably see them make up seven points and a massive goal difference on Manchester City.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The seven kilogram cancerous tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach.
Rosannah's aunt is seeking treatment for her niece in the United States.
It has been a month since Rosannah's last chemotherapy treatment.
She is beginning to experience more pain as her condition worsens.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold.
Louisa Steckenreuter was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma last year.
The 35-year-old mother-of-two is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family.
She has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell.
Her oncologist, Professor David Thomas, said he believes the treatment might work for her, and others in a similar situation.
'It's not just for me, if they see it’s working in the first few months it means
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Kenya has struggled to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with Somalia.
Photographer Dark.Cyanide, 18, scales some of the city's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view.
Many of the teenager's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below.
He says that security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings, but even if he can get past the guards, battling strong winds at high altitude often presents an even bigger challenge.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police.
She said: 'I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?'''
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Former PM says he is 'absolutely not' in 'league of the super-rich'
Blair says he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working abroad.
Claims money he generates pays for the 'infrastructure' around him.
Spoke about multi-million pound earnings in interview with Newsweek magazine.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you'
Then by night, they're subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He was asked to talk about the trailer for the new Star Wars film, 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens'
But despite his bio saying he is a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the programme.
Mr Elfwick said the franchise was full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes'
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, worked at Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida, for 18 months.
The daycare director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two and fired them for being gay.
Bardier added that she was given the option to 'change her lifestyle' to keep her position.
They have now hired a lawyer who maintains religious freedom does not mean workers can be fired because of their sexual orientation.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
Long-term condition was caused by Bob's belief that he had been born into the wrong body.
She told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the 'luckiest woman in the world'
Roxy changed her named by deed poll and hopes to have gender reassignment surgery this year.
Yazidi women and children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq, raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage.
One child interviewed said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS, which they say shows a system of organised rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery and forced marriage.
Vandal smashed window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons in Brixton.
Store front was covered in shattered glass and 'no evictions' spray painted.
One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Event organised by Reclaim Brixton group condemned 'isolated' act of vandalism.
Organiser Cyndi Anaso said: 'Every protest that you watch, there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window'
England reached 341 for five on day one of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed in the first over for a third-ball duck.
Book will be called The Shepherd's Crown and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
Shepherd's Crown will be based in fictional realm of Discworld.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
It went on to sell 85million books worldwide and was translated into 37 languages.
The plot of the final book is unknown, but it could refer to her grandmother.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The Hammers will be making significant cuts to their current pricing.
Club vice-chairman Karren Brady visited the club's future home in Stratford on Tuesday.
Allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to Premier League clubs.
Instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji.
But it appears not all emoji hashtags are created equal.
When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it.
The anomaly was discovered by Katie Notopoulos from Buzzfeed.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
The Glass House in Chislehurst, south east London, was designed and built especially for government officials.
The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.
It has now been put on the market for £3.5million and boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and roof terrace.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line.
The match passed without any major off-field problems.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from 1983 film The Meaning of Life.
Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox.
He can be heard in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair.
Luke Shambrook, 11, was spotted peering out from behind trees in the Fraser National Park north-east of Melbourne.
A police officer knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was safe.
Other rescuers quickly followed, with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket, before he was gently taken from the bush.
Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments.
His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
Patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot, in the same way one might download an app.
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Later this year, seven of the robots will compete in a 'robo oylmpics' - designed to recreate natural disasters the robots could one day be sent into.
Hulk recently signed a new long-term deal at Zenit St Petersburg.
The Brazilian striker has scored 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian club.
Hulk's previous deal, reportedly worth more than £5million a year, was due to expire in summer 2017.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet was blocked.
While trying to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and etchings from the Knights Templar.
The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium and has now been turned into Museum Faggiano.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
He sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street.
But he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest.
Charle was taken to a nearby hospital, but pronounced dead.
Misty Machinshok, 33, jailed for 15 to 30 years for rape of 15-year-old.
She 'coached' husband Gary, 29, to rape her daughter 'every few days'
She planned to tell friends and family that she got pregnant with stranger.
Husband admitted to sexually assaulting her sister, 11, but no charges were brought.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs.
The film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
He raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub.
Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped the teenage virgin.
Betts is now developing a 'new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
European Parliament set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts.
Current loophole sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value.
But winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs, and hit smaller vineyards.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
The 26-year-old left Bradford at the end of last season.
Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos.
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
Sterling rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield this week.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool.
But he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in southern Italy.
Pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of May elections.
But the 36-year-old has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes.
She is standing for Lega Sud Ausonia - a small independent party.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus.
The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
That is their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006.
Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about results.
Dan Potts opened the scoring for West Ham at Upton Park.
Adam Drury's own goal doubled the Hammers' lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth.
David Bowie came eighth on the poll, while Twiggy came fifth.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Tories have nudged ahead in the polls with less than two weeks to go.
But Tories are increasingly concerned it may be too little too late to win.
Deep brain stimulation is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
Now researchers believe it could be used to boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed.
A 'pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull.
Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The striker is being touted as a possible England debutant.
QPR travel to fellow strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play, including German Cup semi-final against Borussia Dortmund.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
Incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park.
The Cumbrian striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Only four players in Europe have a better ratio than Murray.
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
The Liverpool captain has just six games left to play in a red shirt.
Gerrard is set to play his final game in England against Crystal Palace.
Chelsea are likely to be confirmed as champions before Gerrard comes to Stamford Bridge.
It will bring back memories of his slip to let in Demba Ba at Anfield.
The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
The Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football.
Sir James Munby says parents should use 'carrot and the stick' approach.
Suggests confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers.
Price of failure could be lifelong pain for the parents.
Sir James said dealing with strong-willed teenagers could be taxing.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition.
Doctors said he would need to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery.
Luca is now able to walk without crutches, play tennis
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The mother said her life became a living 'hell' when Cotteril sent an explicit photo of her to her 18-year-old daughter.
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric were all in training.
Real are seven points clear of La Liga leaders Barcelona in the table.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander reveals secret plans to cut child benefit.
Claims they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander.
Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they are secret.
But Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
The Belgian striker scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle.
Villa midfielder Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence.
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of an 'alien' 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war.
They believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez scored the only goal of the game in the 106th minute.
The Gunners will now face Chelsea in the final at Wembley on May 30.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank.
The partnership will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
This is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes he is at the right age.
Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
Renault suffered two blown engines in Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the race, followed by Max Verstappen.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been critical of Renault this season.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to Bournemouth.
Watford temporarily moved top by beating Middlesbrough, who started the day as leaders, in the lunch-time kick-off.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
The Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Vettel finished 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton and 12.5secs ahead of Rosberg.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 to Juventus in Champions League quarter-final.
Juventus striker Alvaro Morata went down under Ricardo Carvalho's challenge.
The referee pointed to the penalty spot after several repeats of the incident in slow motion.
Jardim said the penalty decision against his side was a 'huge injustice'
Rafael Correa posed for a picture next to a boy wearing an 'I'm With Stupid' T-shirt.
The photo was shared thousands of times on social media networks in Ecuador.
It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi.
Letter from passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot 'providing proof that we're all in this together' has gone viral.
The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry.
In it, a passenger writes how she feels the need to'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand'
The photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times.
Labour leader faces further humiliation after plus-sized blogger withdraws support.
Callie Thorpe signed letter supporting Mr Miliband hours earlier.
But she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
Signatories included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers.
Labour removed name of one of the signatories after she was exposed.
Roberto Mancini's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club.
Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and Adam Johnson were signed.
But the dilemma remains the same: How do City buy enough top English players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking FPP (financial fair play) regulations again?
There are probably only three England players most people would call good international-class and therefore worthy of a place in the City team.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the Fast & Furious franchise.
But this week she was unmasked as a fraud and a fraud.
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
'Being both an actress and stunt driver, there is no better film to be involved in,' she told her interviewer.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night.
Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened.
'I think prom is kind of a big thing for everybody. I wanted him to have that experience too,' Joy said.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma, who is unemployed, stole an iPad from one of the children.
Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case.
The judge described the teenage girl as 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth.
Ukip announced it would make St George's Day a Bank Holiday in England.
But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
He said: 'I guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that's in short supply for the needs of the British economy, we will leave to our migration commission'
Cui Hongfang, 73, was knocked over by a Canadian tourist while visiting the Great Wall of China.
She hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating.
Premier League and Chelsea furious with BBC for allowing it to be known that the Premier League trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge.
There is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions.
Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town.
Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said that Hillary Clinton is a'revolutionary' woman.
She added that it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is'
Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday.
But she was blasted for her'staged' visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday.
Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end'
Rory McIlroy's fourth place in the Masters is his best finish in seven appearances.
McIlroy finished 12 shots better than last year and beat his previous best by eight shots.
Jordan Spieth sealed his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a £100,000-a-week move to Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling is a trophy-hunter rather than a money-grabber.
Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks Clermont's clash with Saracens will be won.
Wesley Fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is not as easy on the eye.
Julien Bonnaire will tackle Billy Vunipola and will be there to stop him.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian suggested a draw after two hours of play.
'The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said Jonah’s proud father Simon Scott.
Hugo Lloris injured his knee against Leicester City on Tuesday.
The France international was taken off on a stretcher.
Lloris will miss Sunday's game against Burnley.
Roberto Soldado is also a doubt for the match at Turf Moor.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
England lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under.
Pietersen has scored 170 against Oxford MCCU recently.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria after going to Turkey.
Muslim leader Farouk Younis said Muslims must talk to other teenagers.
He said: 'We need to show them the barbaric things that are going on there'
Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured a shot of Curiosity near the base of Mount Sharp in Gale Crater.
But interestingly, the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the Martian weather.
The image was taken using the High-Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRise) camera on the Martian satellite, from a height of 187 miles (300km) above the surface.
Curiosity is the fourth rover to visit Mars and took around seven minutes to land on the Red Planet.
Prime Minister will amend Working Times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor, and get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday.
Business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
But Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said companies would not be forced to organise paid time-off for their employees.
Eden Hazard has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in 100 Premier League games.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year.
Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness believes Hazard has 'dancing feet'
Billy Vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 had been cited for striking Leicester full back Matehw Tait with his head.
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz is still not fully fit and may be forced to return early.
Lyon and Monaco are the only realistic contenders for the title.
Robert Tomanovich is under fire from unhappy neighbours in Livonia, Michigan.
He first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag on a fence.
A second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business.
Toranovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second was a deliberate move to antagonise locals.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United.
Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
Dundee United hit back at criticism from supporters by pointing to their on-field success.
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family.
The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
On Friday, Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes.
Blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page.
The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk.
A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river.
Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge.
Flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison.
‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ they said.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
A lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world.
He also enjoys a stay at Travelodge in Jamaica.
Says he would love to take Jamie Laing on a desert island with him.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones work most effectively when a person is asleep.
Scientists have long known that sleep, memory and learning are deeply connected.
Most animals, from flies to humans, have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD)
DRD is a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
The elephant became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her.
More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the mud.
Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm.
Brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather, but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds.
The event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Yeovil Town lost 1-1 to Notts County in Paul Sturrock's first game in charge.
Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
The Glovers are the first League One side to be relegated.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Park refused to release any further details when contacted by DailyMail.com on Monday.
Diana's final wishes for disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
In her will, Diana’s butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium, where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation.
In 1995, there were 154 million migrants who left their home country.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have high number of immigrants.
Other European countries also have similar numbers, with Germany having nine million, France recording 7.5million and Spain reporting more than six million.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old has ambitions to play in Europe, says boss Tim Sherwood.
Villa are believed to value Bentteke at upwards of £25million.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for Villa.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure.
Sportsmail revealed City will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season.
The 31-year-old has two years left on a £220,000-a-week deal.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal with Toulon.
The Queensland Reds fly-half is the latest Australia international to move abroad.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months.
Prosecutors said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year.
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana is representative of Historic House of the Medici.
He wants to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
Vandals have destroyed historic monuments and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital.
The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell.
But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
He is hoping to be transferred from Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son.
There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence.
Investigators have brought into question why Yang had the authority to open the lift doors and whether she acted properly.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His parents were warned he had just days to live.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
Corey held the rings at the wedding on Saturday, with his mother saying Corey looked'very handsome' in a suit.
Veteran scriptwriter Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital.
Added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1.
But not everyone got the memo.
Cassandra Hann‎ said she was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas.
Alex Koeninger, who was also flying out of Perth on Thursday, wrote on Facebook: ‘Not impressed with inconsistent dress code enforcement. Have worn my upmarket thong style sandals in lounge many times before. Turned away this morning. Gold membership. Not happy’
Sex worker Estelle Lucas, from Melbourne, saw the
LaNia Roberts, 18, recently gave a speech at Syracuse University on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after making a New Year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more.
She also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's dancing skills on Sky's Soccer AM.
Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday.
Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England in 2006.
The former Liverpool and Tottenham striker was less than impressed with Adam's efforts to imitate him.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final in Monte Carlo.
Arturo Vidal gave the Italians the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street.
It featured impressionists playing celebrities such as Michael Caine and Keith Richards living as neighbours.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of last year's Sydney Test.
The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role.
Root should not be moved up the batting card.
Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player captain.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him win.
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain because he is an alcoholic.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he will be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
Kell Brook and Frankie Gavin will fight at London's O2 Arena on May 20.
Amir Khan's promoter Eddie Hearn could have had the fight he craves.
Khan's father Shah says Hearn has been 'disrespectful'
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house in Middletown.
She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window.
Moments later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting ground'
She was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling.
Also had to relearn how to swallow food, brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself.
Now, she has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and Wesleyan University.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother Carley Nickerson shared on Facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End.
The honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player.
After going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
But when he was substituted he was given an applause.
Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City.
Loretta Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 Republicans joining with Senate Democrats to approve her.
She is expected to take over as head of the U.S. Justice Department on Monday, replacing Eric Holder.
The White House said it did not know when exactly Lynch would be sworn in but it wasn't likely to be today.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture the white snake and took it back to Rochdale police station.
He believes the snake may be a family pet that has escaped or been discarded and could have got into the house through an open door
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
The Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Kitchens sell houses. They are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room.
It’s a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment.
He told a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason'
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She walked through Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in Inchicore.
An unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
The Gunners need a goalkeeper, a centre back and a top-quality striker.
Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois.
Bernd Leno is interested in a move to Bayer Leverkusen.
Arsenal have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
The tweet was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.
One said: 'How dare you make the execution of Black men in America the butt of your jokes'
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars.
He said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
Other upcoming inventions predicted by Thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead.
Parker posted $250 bond and was issued a trespass warning.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor, a full 2,350 feet below.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
She was benched the first two tournaments and the coach told her she would not play much for the rest of the season.
Her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about 'playing' claiming her daughter 'wants to play'
Swansea host Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez's side are fifth in the Barclays Premier League.
Garry Monk wants his former side to continue their impressive form.
Everton have been knocked out of the Europa League last season.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked, with NHS now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
She's since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
Her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
His outstretched arms help him to remain airborne.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 at Hillsborough on Saturday.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side.
The Owls are currently bottom of the Championship play-off group.
Cardiff University study found most teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers.
This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits.
Experts examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across Wales.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract.
Diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at Arsenal.
Wenger also hopes to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month.
The Today show correspondent revealed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy, revealing that her second daughter is due in August.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
It is not the first time the bookmaker has produced a controversial advert ahead of a major racing festival.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year.
The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse.
It was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But new evidence was uncovered by Dr Sergey Leshchinsky, from Tomsk State University.
He spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western Europe and Russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago.
The major mineral deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with Britain's Channel 4 after interviewer talked about his history of drug abuse.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday.
It was his ninth win in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle.
The Toon have since plummeted in the Premier League.
Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind.
The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved to high-security psychiatric unit in Merseyside.
The 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
Cregan reportedly refused food at Category A jail after being moved to solitary.
Source said: 'If he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating'
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22.
He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born on January 17 and 19, but keepers at Bronx Zoo have yet to learn their genders.
They are joined by two other youngsters who were born earlier in 2014, along with 13 adults in the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
While they have different mothers, they share a father, 32-year-old Ernie, who is father to them both.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series.
They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues.
William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
Proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart after oil leak.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in statement.
Passenger and flight attendant required medical treatment for 'an acute feeling of sickness'
Incident comes two weeks after Germanwings plane crashed into French Alps.
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the crash's victims, including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide.
German President Joachim Gauck said tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow.
Small wooden angels were placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
A defeat could leave them eight points behind the leaders.
Liverpool have won just one of their last six games against top-five sides.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
He was one of the first teachers to join the Bergen County Academies' full-time staff in 1992.
The married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails, which were later discovered by her sister.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia on 6th April.
He will spend four weeks with Australian Defence Force.
The 30-year-old will visit the Australian War Memorial and the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Harry last visited Down Under in October 2013.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five.
She went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up six days after giving birth to her second child.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $40,000 in her memory.
Her husband Ryan Kelly is now tasked with raising their two-year-old son Emerson and newborn Elizabeth as a single parent
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013.
She was initially given daily pain medication to relieve the pain.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
X-rays were taken in areas where Suma has arthritis, her hips and ankles.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina.
He suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel.
They did not see Jordan's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment.
But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Graham White, 76, said the changes to the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation'
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury.
The 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries.
Poynton had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie.
The French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership's second best side.
Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing their Champions Cup semi-final against Northampton.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City last season.
Tom Cairney will face Raheem Sterling in the replay.
Cairney has sympathy for the Liverpool winger.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
'The idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can. We love the idea of Detroit being appealing to talented people from New York or anywhere,' said Courtney Henriette.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos.
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City last summer on a free transfer.
The midfielder says beating relegation would be one of the highlights of his career.
Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010 while playing for Inter Milan.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered.
The body has not yet been formally identified, but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium in a year's time.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The Swiss No 2 is the defending champion in the tournament.
Dimitrov will play Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday.
Assistant secretary general of Jamaat-e-Islami party headed militia group.
He was behind killing of 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said.
Move slammed by man's supporters, who have called for nationwide general strike.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters'
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
But David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse.
She made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German Grand Prix was erased from the 2015 schedule.
Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014.
State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut.
Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel, it emerged today.
The Mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was made up.
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, believed to have drowned on fishing boat in Libya.
His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.
She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals'
She added: 'It's the biggest shock of my life. His mother will never get his body back'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man.
The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Police said hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
But the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into a post office.
He demanded cash but was foiled by a husband and wife duo who tackled him.
McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after crimes.
His own mother had previously pleaded for her teenage son to be locked up.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
She has worked for his promotional company since being recruited as a massage therapist for his 2011 fight against Victor Ortiz.
Tectonica responsible for websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
It also designed the websites of Harriet Harman, Andy Burnham and Tristram Hunt.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour's Argentinian link was an 'embarrassment'
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang.
She was being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.
He offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
But when he returned the next day, he was carrying a knife.
Peter Moore received a letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
The 47-year-old father-of-two demanded an apology from the Government.
He said: 'I don't know how that kind of mistake could have been made'
Mr Moore's wife Debbie, an accounts assistant, said she was left 'gobsmacked'
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for the England striker.
The 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues.
Sturridge is also battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
Woods has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed when the tree toppled and crushed her.
Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the American ash tree.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
Town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid £86,000 in compensation.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren Almon-Kok, saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
A day later, it had swept the world. Two decades on, the shock is still raw.
A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's Facebook page in a bid to track her down.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne who lost it at a friend's birthday party on Saturday night.
Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station.
Bella said she didn't even have to give her name when she eventually reclaimed her phone because officers recognised her from her Facebook page.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the break.
David Silva and Jesus Navas provided the assist for Aguero.
West Ham defender James Collins missed an own goal to make it 3-0 at the Etihad Stadium.
Feline was chasing bird when it slipped on icy surface and lost its footing.
As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put Arsenal ahead against Liverpool.
The Spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for Mathieu Debuchy at right back this season.
Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's 40 metre club sprint record.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria.
Residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime.
The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir.
Celtic beat Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring in the 18th minute.
Edward O'Fere equalised for the Highlanders in the second half.
David Raven scored an extra-time winner to secure the treble.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking.
The pair are pictured sitting together and holding shisha pipes.
Sterling has turned down a deal worth around £100,000 per week.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
One YouTube user, Perkoff, believed it was time travelers. He wrote: 'Most UFOs are not aliens like a lot of people think. They are in fact time machines from
Toxicology results show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month.
Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club.
The truck driver suffered injuries that weren't considered life-threatening.
Investigators had applied for a warrant to test Abad's blood shortly after the accident.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
The Ghana international fits into Mauricio Pochettino's transfer blueprint.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to land the 25-year-old.
The orphaned youngsters were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced.
First of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple.
The aim is to release the animals back into the wild once they're strong enough.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at midnight on Tuesday.
The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest.
They will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad.
A disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on Indonesian TV the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in January.
Porto face Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
They are the only undefeated side in the competition so far.
Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
Pep Guardiola is a two-time Champions League winner with Barcelona.
Samantha Armytage interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
Armytage congratulated the 18-year-olds on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her'
A Change.com petition has been launched asking for Sunrise to apologise for the comment.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning.
They have been sent to the medical examiner's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for AJ
The little owls were photographed by Dean Mason, 48, in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
The birds are small owls, a species which typically measures 22cm tall.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli.
The book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest Italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance.
It looks at how designers such as Miuccia Prada, Giorgio Armani and Adele Casagrande, founder of Fendi, have created a legacy within their labels.
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was later sold at auction for £2,200 and has now been confirmed as belonging to King Henry VII.
Bed features biblical scenes of Henry and his wife Elizabeth of York styled as Adam and Eve, and as Jesus Christ and his mother, the Virgin Mary.
TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots.
He has traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family.
Gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities were on the cover picture.
The gnome is next to the legs of George Harrison, who is wearing red on the album art.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
The three-year-old big cats were attempting to hunt the much larger hippo in the depths of the park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
However, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison three times during the 1970s.
He eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears.
Jessica Cleland, 19, took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
She was bullied online by two teenage boys who thought she was a 'f***ing sook'
Her parents are now campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia.
The Cleland's are disappointed with the Victorian police for failing to investigate Jessica and her bullies.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
He has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
After a series of interviews, the Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
A Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
David Cameron has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the election.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour, and not the Tories, is at risk from Farage’s Ukip.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Lewis died Friday. Lloyd says both sailors were members of Naval Special Warfare Group 2.
Kevin Mirallas was one of Everton's top performers in the first half of the campaign.
But his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Mirallas over his future at the end of the season.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
He initially ignored police's attempts to confirm who was driving the car.
But he then made up a series of stories to shift the blame.
X was jailed for nine months and ordered to pay £1,200 costs.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Gary Neville believes United can beat anyone with their form.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
Experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as "melanism" can generate more melanin than usual, turning a flamingo's feathers a dark colour.
First comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
Internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the Internet.
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue.
The father and daughter have been recognised by Guinness World Records.
Zara Phillips pulled out of Rolex Kentucky three-day event on Friday.
The Queen's granddaughter was due to make her Kentucky debut.
High Kingdom suffered a cut leg and was taken to the dressage warm-up area.
Phillips won silver at London 2012 and 2014 World Equestrian Games.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
The average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
Filkins was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home.
When he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house.
She then fled in a gray Nissan pickup truck when police arrived.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money brought into Britain.
But it emerged Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
Tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from crackdown anyway.
Andy Erlam won High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014.
He was branded a 'pathological liar' and a cheat happy to 'play the race card'
Mr Erlam has pledged to end years of 'Rotten Borough' politics.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' from Shenyang, North China, has taken 30,000 selfies with passengers.
The cabby picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him.
He uploads them to his page on a popular Chinese social media website.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings' handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support for his fellow Dutchmen.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall.
Gary Anderson produced a sterling fightback to earn himself a draw against James Wade.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, has been sentenced to 10 years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl.
Judge M. Marc Kelly said that there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being.
Prosecutor will appeal the controversial decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
The former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed.
The MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
But its owners were served with a summons for an 'unresolved' and 'historic' debt.
Lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over the 'historical' wrangle.
Ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise and one of that company's former staff.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window in Walsall, West Midlands.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows.
The birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian ace shows off an array of skills out of hours.
Barcelona travel to the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan stadium for their latest La Liga battle against Sevilla.
Christopher Eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses.
The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery.
MH17 was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile on July 17, 2014.
In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror.
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
MPs have duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’
Critics accuse NUT of ‘thought control’ and said proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013.
Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed, but Vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances'
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and computer gaming site IGN.com.
They divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) and other users dubbed Never-banned users (NBUs)
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider'
They purposefully try to create discussions, or actively respond to an on-going discussion
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September.
She underwent six rounds of treatment that doctors say will give her an 85 percent chance of survival.
The teen was reunited with her mother on Easter Sunday for the first time in three months.
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The 72-year-old quit Bayern Munich on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas suffered a nasty-looking gash on his nose during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City on Saturday.
The Spain international was left bloodied after being caught by Charlie Adam's flailing arm.
Fabregas also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
West Brom are watching Nice forward Alassane Plea.
Tony Pulis has had scouts busy monitoring targets in France.
Montpellier’s former Blackburn right back Bryan Dabo is also under scrutiny.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Saracens scored two tries with Ashton off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, County Durham, at 8pm on March 15.
He waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant Andrea Brighty.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor, sending shelves and produce tumbling.
His wife Sam struck him twice, helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around to reveal his face to the cameras.
McKerry, from Coundon near Bishop Auckland, has been jailed for six years.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law.
But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do more.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
This, for example, would make hydrogen fuel cells for cars much more economical.
Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira minivan.
But producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy.
With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily.
Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley.
The Magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to Spurs last weekend.
At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away.
Malcolm Webster, then 33, seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
Webster had drugged his wife at their home in Aberdeen, Scotland.
He then deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire so Claire had no hope of survival.
Last year Claire's story was turned into an ITV drama starring Sheridan Smith.