James Best was best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on "The Dukes of Hazzard"
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
He faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change.
Obama is refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences.
A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel.
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio is running on optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the American Dream.
He says Rubio has been his own worst enemy on immigration reform and Cuba relations.
"Orphan Black's" second season premieres on Saturday April 18.
Tatiana Maslany has taken on at least six roles on the cult sci-fi show.
"I feel like it's up moving in the air.  Flight 448 can you please tell somebody (to) stop it?" a frantic 911 call.
The call came just as the Alaska Airlines flight had taken off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
It's the first theatrical movie centering around the most popular female superhero.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond.
The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen.
Toya Graham tells CNN she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son.
"He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing," she says.
In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines.
The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature.
A Saudi general says the coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be.
required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in Aurora, Colorado, in 2012.
Holmes was hardly a cartoon: He wore body armor and carried several guns, including an AR-15 rifle.
More than 4,600 dead, more than 9,000 injured, 8 million affected across Nepal.
Another natural disaster strikes Tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu.
Sally Kohn: The word "we" is one of the great American words. We are the People. Yes we can.
Indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized for allowing businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
The law expands the scope of the law to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a French media outlet.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in a cold room.
"There is gong to be change," the head of the church says.
"Walter's death will not be in vain," he says.
Police dashcam video shows a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, Arizona.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act.
John Mayer hailed his longtime idol, the late Vaughan, in a heartfelt speech.
Daniel Boykin, 33, entered the woman's Nashville home multiple times.
Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage.
By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute.
Hatton Garden safe deposit company robbed over Easter weekend.
Thieves reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash.
Students on the Kikuyu campus stamped down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals; one person died.
A Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen.
A new initiative is underway to focus on the political process.
The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
Diana's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over.
William doesn't need to name his second-born child after his mother in order to honour her.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world.
But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer.
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man.
He said he worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish.
The Atlantic Music Expo is a three-year-old conference and networking event to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
Afghanistan's population is five times what it was when NATO arrived here.
The violence in the provinces means people swell it further still.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program.
But the talks this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best, but also at its most hectic.
The Washington University of rowing team got near the dock of Creve Coeur Lake.
A swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack, some even going into the boat.
Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation.
Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
A witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser.
An autopsy showed that Scott suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the back of his body.
A Boston area Doberman pincher recently ate three pieces of jewelry.
The 5-year-old dog has a fascination with timepieces.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday.
The mysterious collapse of much of the country's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories.
A senior al Qaeda figure, Khaled Batarfi, was among the escapees, officials say.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
Ines Dumig is a CENTER Grant Recipient for his photo series "Apart Together"
Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old to seek asylum in Germany.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who call him a "charlatan"
They say he promotes quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month.
The first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms.
Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto.
New Horizons is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's rape claim, lawsuit says.
Sulkowicz said she wanted to show how "flawed" Columbia's disciplinary system is.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
Odin Lloyd was found dead in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, in 2011.
Days later, then-NFL star Aaron Hernandez was arrested and charged with murder.
On Wednesday, a jury found Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder.
A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors.
Local residents successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to keep their slim hopes of winning the English Premier League alive.
Aaron Ramsey scores the only goal of the game to secure Arsenal's hold on second place.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting.
This week's six things to watch include "The Americans," "Vikings" and "Scorpion"
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 310,000 people have been killed since 2011.
A year earlier, the U.N. put the death toll at 70,000.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident.
Santana: "Mr. Scott never tried to fight"
Protesters rally at Baltimore City Hall, and another march is planned for Saturday.
Police union attorney says officers had every right to chase Gray.
Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video.
Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute.
The world economy is doubling in size every generation.
Sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis.
The idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed.
"We saw some bloodstains and they were shot," one survivor says.
"It is a very sad day for Kenya," Interior Ministry secretary says.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the salvage of the Sewol ferry "as soon as possible"
Dead fish have appeared in Rio de Janeiro's Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon.
Officials have launched an investigation into the cause of the dead fish.
Last week a sailor crashed into trash floating on Guanabara Bay.
Walter Scott, 50, was killed by a South Carolina police officer Saturday.
He was the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded.
At least 25 people have been detained since January.
As the world learns more about Andreas Lubitz, it's curious to me how the red flags of his illness were missed.
Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week.
In practice, it means official eating/drinking fests involving multiple rounds of alcohol at multiple venues.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in Guanajuato, central Mexico.
Alondra is not the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty.
Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," a police spokesman says.
Julian Zelizer: Low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis.
Dean Obeidallah: Supreme Court oral arguments on same-sex marriage seem more about politics than the law.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
A top military official said he hopes that the animosity between Iran and America will fade.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets"
Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation.
If all goes well, the project could go straight to series.
Jean Nidetch died Wednesday at her home in Florida.
A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night, but was quickly apprehended.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m.
Robert Boardwine is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life, Virginia's appeals court says.
Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
The mother of a quadriplegic man cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes treatment.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) will launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana.
It is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe.
The telescope will have to detect objects 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble can currently see.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were abducted in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria.
Mohamed Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace.
He was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters.
Morsy's Freedom and Justice Party called the trial a "travesty of justice"
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened.
Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders.
Prince Jan Zylinski challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel over immigration policy.
Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain.
Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince.
Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
The Boragaon landfill is located 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleads not guilty to conspiracy, burglary, arson and other charges.
Moschetto was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Joy Womack left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years ago.
She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted into the company.
Media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed Boshoi official to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer got a makeover on Friday.
YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage.
Sally Kohn: I see signs of a revolution everywhere.
Kohn: Most Americans favor marijuana legalization for medical purposes.
She says it's burning white hot among young people, but also among parents, grandparents.
The word revolution comes from the Latin revolutio, to "turn around," she says.
"Krystle was the light of my life. She was extremely smart, hardworking, beautiful, every father's dream," a father says.
"Dzhokhar Tsarnaev murdered each one of them in a way that they had time to feel pain," prosecutor says.
The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago.
"It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," superintendent of Maine Township High School District 207 says.
Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer has named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai.
Asteroid 316201 circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years.
Chief Justice John Roberts is back in the spotlight in a historic case.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry.
The illness has gripped 100 people on the Celebrity Infinity.
The cruise ship left San Diego on March 29.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Three of the teens have since been released "pending further enquiries," police say.
Scientists say Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.
Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface.
An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school.
Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was set to be sentenced in May for killing a man in a botched robbery.
Authorities are trying to figure out how he managed to get out of his two-man cell.
Andrew Getty, 47, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, his mother and father say.
His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," an official says.
Thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan's frontlines with ISIS.
The Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves.
Robert Bates pleads not guilty to second-degree manslaughter.
U.N.: 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 wounded in the past two weeks.
U.S. Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels.
John T. Booker Jr. is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley, Kansas.
A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot, was charged with failing to report a felony.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday.
Tom Brady tweeted his love for his wife on Facebook.
Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend.
"We have created options for ourselves," Pentagon spokesman says.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met in Brooklyn on Saturday.
The document outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win.
Car manufacturers are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers.
Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says.
She pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act.
A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works.
The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad"
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made.
Ben Powers played Thelma's (BernNadette Stanis) husband Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times"
Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded, Turkish military says.
Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri.
HBO has released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective"
Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction Monday.
It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections.
New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said.
Record breaking jockey AP McCoy wins the Grand National on Saturday.
The 25-1 outsider Many Clouds won by a length and a half, ridden by Leighton Aspell.
McCoy announced last week he would retire if he won for the second time in his career.
Julian Zelizer: Mehmet Oz is serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital.
A SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday.
The passenger received medical attention before being released.
Police arrest 15 people on suspicion of murdering Christians at sea.
The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat.
Sandra Bullock is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list.
David Rothkopf: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves the harshest punishment for the Boston Marathon bombing.
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he started shooting up heroin all day.
It was the last time he was arrested and the first and only time to fully withdrawal from heroin.
Sideri spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing.
Trey Moses, a star on Eastern High School's basketball team, asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
"She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he said.
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device.
A federal complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges.
He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Hillary Clinton has made women central to her outreach.
"A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC.
Jenner's daughter: "This isn't about me. I'm so proud of you, Dad. You are so brave. My beautiful Hero"
A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape, authorities say.
A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," geologist says.
The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families.
Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti.
A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan, an official says.
An Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on the troops as they were leaving a meeting, an Afghan police chief says.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Kardashians seem to spawn a new trend every other week.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured, in much less than ideal circumstances.
One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas.
Ruben Navarrette: Mike Pence is drawing heat for his decision to sign a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Protesters upset over death of Freddie Gray scuffled with police on the streets of Baltimore.
The Baltimore Police Department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property.
A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," prosecutors say.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week.
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic (as before)," says Gregorio Billikopf.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring.
The rocker will tour "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play"
The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show.
Bikram Choudhury is the founder of Bikram's Yoga College of India.
He's been accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students.
On Thursday, Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to its emojis.
U.N.-sponsored peace talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman says.
The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi failed in January.
Photographer Ken Hermann spent 10 days at a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India.
Hermann's project "Flower Man" casts light upon the people behind the petals.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
She gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
Brynn Duncan was diagnosed with mast cell disease at the age of 16.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15.
Her sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear.
The celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son, Silas Randall Timberlake.
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday.
Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed Thursday by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus.
Indonesia executed Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran in brutal and pointless executions.
Australia's actions raise questions about the powers we give to states.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie.
Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Warren Weinstein was kidnapped by al Qaeda in 2011.
His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says.
It did not lead to the American aid worker's release.
"I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time," Clinton says in a video released Sunday.
Clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry.
A stray pooch in Washington State apparently died after being hit by a car and then buried in a field.
Theia, a white-and-black bully breed mix now named Theia, suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon.
"We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan says.
Malaysian bomb maker Marwan was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January.
Marwan was believed by the FBI to be a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage.
Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Regina Agyare is the founder of software development company Soronko Solutions.
Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18, priming them for formal education through extracurricular classes in reading, math, poetry and information technology.
Record stores are a vanishing breed, another victim of the digital age.
On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day.
U.N. climate negotiations in December are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions.
The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
Sally Kohn: President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran.
Nine of 10 mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia given 72 hours notice ahead of execution.
Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time.
Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso's execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.
"Mad Men," about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times, begins Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached.
Pair's promoter, Bob Arum, dubbed the "fight of the century"
The Al Marmoum camel race takes place in Dubai.
Camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region.
There will be 14 races through the afternoon.
A booming black market in Hong Kong has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs.
Tourists and locals line up for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies -- at $9 a tin.
Tulsa County deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 shooting of Eric Harris.
An internal inquiry concluded that Bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated.
The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria.
Muna Mansour's family is among the dozens caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen.
The United States has said it is too dangerous for them to evacuate American nationals.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students.
Schoolchildren were heading to their lunch break when the attacks took place, the officials say.
Maggie Doyne has raised nearly 50 children in her home in Nepal.
The BlinkNow Foundation supports and educates more than 350 children.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off"
Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage.
The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night.
Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall.
But that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf.
Kenya launches airstrikes on Al-Shabaab training camps, a Somali resident says.
A Kenyan military source says the strikes are not retaliation for last week's massacre.
The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of the attack.
Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk.
The 34-year-old has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%, according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Reports.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned?
The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer.
Yuhei Takashima says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women over a quarter of a century.
The U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet.
Officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East.
Britain's elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race -- an analogy that highlights how similar British politics is to horse racing.
Voters put their "X" next to the local stooge/aspiring public servant from whichever political party they support.
Julian Zelizer: It's time for liberals to look local.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao clash in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out.
But there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth early Friday evening.
There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition.
Loretta Lynch cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee on February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
Lynch is the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
A group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan.
Bob Barker returns to "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years.
The 91-year-old hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
LZ Granderson: Britt McHenry should have known better than to use such words.
"I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," B.B. King says.
"He wasn't going to let his fans down," his publicist says.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for murder in Odin Lloyd's death.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria.
"These guys just gutted it out," says Wisconsin head coach Bo Ryan.
Kentucky comes into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record.
Badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game.
Dean Obeidallah: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
Novak Djokovic beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Masters final.
The Serbian world number one extends his winning streak to 17 matches.
"We need to remember the 147; they are not just a number," organizer says.
Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab's training camps in Somalia.
Stephen Hawking has teamed up with Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life"
The collabo is in honor of Saturday's Record Store Day, when the 7-inch single will be available for sale.
Michael Keaton is hosting "Saturday Night Live" for his third turn.
The actor paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman"
Former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio in the 1980s and '90s.
Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students.
Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS, said ISIS is "off the charts historically"
The U.S. has stepped up efforts to involve Sunni groups in the battle against ISIS.
McGurk stressed the importance of working with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s.
Her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years.
A new wave of African investors are settling into London.
They mainly come from Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal.
Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury property in London.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS.
Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the Royal United Services Institute, gives us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Korea, China, Philippines, Indonesia, and other Asian nations were forced into sexual slavery during World War II.
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you can't afford to buy a hamburger?"
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization.
The Finance Police's ship, the Calabrese, patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa.
In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants.
A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school.
He says he was wooed by several top medical schools.
South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks.
The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at major banks and broadcasters.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting Christians.
Experts say jihadist beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway, killing a passenger.
The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry, of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism.
Britain's Prince Harry arrives in Australia, where he'll spend four weeks with the country's military.
The 30-year-old prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales," from his official title and name.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president.
SpaceX says Tuesday will be the next opportunity for the company to launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket to the International Space Station.
After the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform, or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship.
Oliver Minatel, 22, was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck.
Minatel was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on.
A former banker, 29-year-old Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder last November.
He allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai, an inner-city suburb.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Peter Schweizer's new book, "Clinton Cash," comes out May 5.
Schweizer: Clinton Foundation received money from UAE, Saudi Arabia and Oman.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," one resident says.
A video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field, barely missing farmhouses and barns.
"It was time to come home," Kelley tells People magazine.
Kelley has been wanted since 2004, accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp.
Officer Michael Slager's five-year career with the North Charleston Police Department ends.
He resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop, officials said Wednesday.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican says.
Francis will stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington, New York and Philadelphia.
Mui Thomas suffers from Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky.
The 22-year-old has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
Don McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million Tuesday.
McLean told Rolling Stone that it was time to part with the manuscript.
Two African-American candidates win seats on Ferguson's City Council.
The U.N. Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp.
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers.
His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others.
Heather Mack gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago.
Explosion outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe kills at least five people.
Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets, making the group the main suspect.
U.N. Security Council discusses humanitarian situation at Russia's behest.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September.
The trip comes just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations.
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam.
Former Australia cricket captain Richie Benaud dies at the age of 84.
Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985.
He led Australia into an era of world dominance as a player.
Daisy Bentley, 23, began collecting notes six years ago after a note caught her eye in Norwich, England.
Her collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings.
Bentley says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition.
U.S. airstrikes in Yemen are meant to protect Yemen's "legitimate government," says Peter Bergen.
Bergen: Saudi motives seem clear if one looks at Saudi monarchy's history.
The total eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds.
It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe.
TEPCO deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors.
It was the first time the probe had been used.
Robert Durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when Slager pulled it over.
The passenger's name wasn't in a police report obtained by CNN.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" fetched $137,000 at an auction Saturday.
The outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was sold at the auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents.
Sharry was eight months pregnant when Smith fell and hit his head.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," says rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi.
Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center and survived.
Paul Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember Walker.
The New South China Mall opened in 2005 in Dongguan, China.
The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, making it the largest in the world in terms of leasable space.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game.
She was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Freddie Gray's death raises questions about police use of force.
Thai Smile unveiled colorful new livery at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi International Airport.
The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme.
Dr. Peter Bergen says it is hard for us to make well people feel better, but it's not that hard to make them feel worse.
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American held hostage by al Qaeda.
But it didn't have to be that way, a senior U.S. official tells CNN.
Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce.
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba designed to look and move like a real person.
Texas A&M professor threatens to fail entire class.
Irwin Horwitz: "I'm not career suicidal"
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's Prime Minister says.
Doctors Without Borders president compares the high number of deaths to "figures from a war zone"
The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee triggers a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people.
Damani Terry dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a GMC van.
Indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
LZ Granderson: Gov. Mike Pence is making the right call.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
Crowds line the streets to support their home-grown talent.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005.
A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul.
The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
Etan Patz went missing in New York City in May 1979.
His disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW.
One duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time.
Loretta Lynch will be the nation's top law enforcement officer.
Lynch will have the power to withhold federal funds from local departments.
A Russian resupply spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere.
Russian flight controllers lost contact with the Progress spacecraft on Tuesday.
The Progress is now spinning out of control, NASA says.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Bates says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun.
Julian Zelizer: Rolling Stone's sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice.
Zelizer: The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
Tornadoes touched down near Dallas on Sunday.
Ahmed Farouq was deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
CyArk specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture.
Ben Kacyra was instrumental in the design of the first portable laser scanner.
Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing share their stories.
The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after trying to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days.
Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream.
Both companies have a history of social activism.
In Ferguson, Michael Brown's death was a breeding ground for speculation.
In North Charleston, there were only three black officers on the city's 53-member force.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago.
This week, she got threatened for her action.
The FAA has issued a certificate that certifies that a pilot is knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules.
Aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control via a specific four-digit transponder code.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation.
The judge also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million, a figure that defense lawyers called excessive.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
The Lockheed C-130 Hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history.
It was designed in the 1950s to fly cars 12,000 feet high, open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt.
The U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join the Summit of the Americas.
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama.
Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, his wife says.
Dysart won a Drama Desk award for playing coach on Jason Miller's "That Championship Season"
V. Stiviano has been ordered to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts.
Donald Sterling's wife sued her for using the couple's money to buy her a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover.
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California.
Paramedics from the Los Angeles Fire Department were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. Tuesday.
A massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday Saturday in Nepal.
Many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings, including men and women racing to rescue those trapped.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, were killed, authorities say.
A construction project "came loose and fell onto the roadway," police say.
Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for the first time in a month.
Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, an operations officer says.
A microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it.
By applying it to the skin and pushing down, the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes.
The Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words such as "enemy forces" and "adversaries" to refer to protesters, documents obtained by CNN show.
Some in the National Guard seemed worried the language in the mission briefings could be problematic.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations, "silver" merits 20, "copper" four.
The California Public Utilities Commission orders PG&E to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
Of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading Western news websites.
But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
The study's authors have named it the "Great Cannon," and it operates in plain sight.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrives in Tikrit to claim victory.
Iraqi security says few ISIS militants are hiding inside houses.
Florida's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it.
In Arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass dies at 87, publisher Steidl says.
Grass focused much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
Dean Obeidallah: In 2016, it looks like a replay of Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013.
She was able to raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group The Cure Starts Now.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago.
The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Ruben Navarrette: U.S. has long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages to extract concessions.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January.
He hadn't been heard from in 66 days.
A mammoth fire breaks out in a Kentucky industrial park.
There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
The facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically.
Sabeen Mahmud was a Pakistani figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa.
Authorities received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS.
About a dozen Native American actors walk off the set of Adam Sandler's "The Ridiculous Six"
The script called for Native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra"
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister.
He was nominated to be foreign minister by Ahmadinejad's successor, Hassan Rouhami.
The feds investigated him over his alleged role in controlling the Alavi Foundation.
Cassandra C. will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, her attorney says.
The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
Many of the students just wish they had something in common with her, that she knew soccer or video games.
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app features his latest speeches, statements and publications.
It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app.
Study: "Double Falsehood" was written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself.
Researchers analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she isn't going to slack off on calls to rein in Wall Street.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
For some communities, the group is the local governing authority.
The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage tied first with 21% of the vote.
Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs.
Sally Kohn: President Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century.
Kohn: ISIS and its progenitor, al Qaeda, are foremost threats to the global security environment today.
The Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China.
Pilots Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg are taking turns flying the single-seater aircraft.
Their mission is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy and inspiring innovation.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's online declaration means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be.
French prosecutor says he's not aware of any video footage from on board the plane.
Bild and Paris Match report that a cell phone video was found at the crash site.
A Gendarmerie spokesman calls the reports "completely wrong"
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture.
He was thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army.
A car bomb explodes at a restaurant near the presidential palace, killing at least 10 people, police say.
Somali-based Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described Yarmouk as "the deepest circle of hell"
The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Julian Zelizer: Britt McHenry's comments about a towing company employee were offensive.
Zelizer: McHenry should "always choose to be respectful and take the high road"
Kate Parker shot daily images of her daughters to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition.
The series, "Strong is the New Pretty," covers the last two years.
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure.
Canavero hopes to get the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation has been a part of the Feld family since 1967.
Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko has an important title defense coming up.
Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion.
The Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American challenger Bryant Jennings.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed.
CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today.
Pedro Hernandez is charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz.
Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers said he made up his account.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica.
The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
The Tony nominations were announced Tuesday morning.
Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the play "Misery"
Gao Yu, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping tells CNN.
Gao's conviction is mainly based on a forced confession she had since retracted, Mo says.
North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
"My flight is not a secret," Florida postal carrier Doug Hughes writes in online post.
Hughes' friend: "The purpose of it was to call attention to the United States concerning our campaign finance laws"
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest.
Raging hordes turned a deaf ear to that on Monday.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson Lesa Strachan says.
"To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference," she says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
Blue Bell has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over listeria contamination.
Officials warn consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at Broken Arrow plant.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him.
Prosecutors presented three days of gut-wrenching victim impact testimony.
Kamron Taylor, 23, jumped a correctional officer at Kankakee's Jerome Combs Detention Center.
He then took off with the guard's uniform and SUV.
Actress Alyssa Milano had some angry tweets for Heathrow Airport authorities Thursday morning.
Workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name," set for UK release on July 3, features early footage of Winehouse.
Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums.
Australia agrees to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australia is part of the U.S.-led coalition that's carrying out airstrikes against ISIS.
Three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on Tuesday and early Wednesday.
Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore.
Cassandra C., 17, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
Al-Shabaab claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya.
The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part in the Boston Marathon bombings.
The defense portrayed Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
L'Hermione is a replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence.
It set sail Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Jeremy Renner was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon"
"When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong," judge says.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts get seven years on probation, pay $10,000 fines and community service.
India sends 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine.
John Avlon: Baltimore's Orioles and White Sox game postponed due to "public safety issues"
Avlon: Baseball's sense of nostalgia encompassed by Camden Yards does not sit well with African Americans.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors.
Pentagon says Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
Ben and Shelby Offrink, from Caledonia, Michigan, were married and raising two small children when life suddenly turned upside down.
Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain.
Jackson Gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at Philadelphia University.
He created a suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife.
Gordon is also an expert in Shaolin Kung Fu.
Edwin Sabuhoro worked as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park.
Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers by disguising himself as a buyer for a baby gorilla.
The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison.
A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was killed.
It's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
She posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise.
The film stars Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident in late 2013.
Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times.
"We're in a new era," Gov. Jerry Brown says.
The 25% cut in water use amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna was 16 at the time of the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS.
U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies, who are working with Kurdish troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January.
Bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban.
ISIS claims it controls part of Iraq's largest oil refinery.
The group says it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
The sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
100 years ago Friday marks the 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire.
A growing number of scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium.
The taco cannon will shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter, Donavan and Donna Freberg, confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter.
Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
The Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders.
Their mission is to protect the country's Islamic order.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain.
"If he had lived," she goes on, "I would have had a dad. And that would have been an incredible experience"
The crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists pursuing them.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since its ship encountered it several months ago.
The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner have apologized for comments they made during a press tour.
They were asked about Black Widow's flirtations with the other superheroes.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on all 30 counts, including using weapons of mass destruction.
The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death.
Nashville district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals.
Dean Obeidallah: There has been outrage at the notion that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal.
Google rolled out the Pac-Man game Tuesday.
It's easy to play: Simply pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser.
More than 25,000 people in Key West, Florida, have fought Ebola infections.
But for those who have survived, life will never be the same.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8.
Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," a wounded veteran says.
Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix last week.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who was blinded as a child.
The NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes.
The lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
The explosion occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak.
Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire.
More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel.
The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury.
Dean Obeidallah: I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with police.
ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014.
A small group of Assyrians formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha -- "The Sacrificers"
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba.
But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
Tokyo Electric Power Company deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected, an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, a prosecutor says.
Authorities found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches, he says.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton.
In big policy choice, Clinton signals an important campaign focus.
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on April 12 without incident.
Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official.
A lot of the big names signing on to Team Clinton are already known, but part of the plan is to show it has a large, experienced staff ready for key national and state roles.
"Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution" premieres Sunday at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs inexorably.
Locals are desperate to make it out to their stricken families, and discover their fate.
U.S. special operations forces rescue 30 people, including three Americans, by helicopter.
Pemba Tamang, 15, was buried under a multistory residential building in Kathmandu's hard-hit neighborhoods.
India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen over the last few days.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
The 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, Cissy Houston says.
New York and Washington have authorized the use of syringe exchange programs to curb HIV and hepatitis C infections among injection drug users.
Armenia marks 100th anniversary of the mass killings of Armenians in 1915.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping.
Goldstein and Stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping.
A plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m.
There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard.
U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to a hyperactive China, a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran.
Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama at the Summit of the Americas.
Chad Bernstein has been hooked on playing gigs since he was 16.
Since 2008, he has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service says.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places.
Giovanni Lo Porto went to Pakistan in 2012 to help rebuild the city of Multan.
Two years later, he was killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state and local media report.
The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Photos appeared on social media of young, smiling boys in soccer uniforms.
The Shanghai Auto Show this week showcased new models and concepts of electric and hybrid cars.
Some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College.
Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reports.
Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car.
UltraHaptics' technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes out of thin air, using ultrasound.
Through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user.
Ashish Thakkar is Africa's youngest billionaire.
Thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15.
His Mara Group spans over 20 countries.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday.
The owner of the door filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175 U.S.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday.
The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, according to a law enforcement source.
"The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing the source.
Joseph Kent was arrested after a citywide curfew went into effect Tuesday night.
"The last thing he wanted was any more violence," his lawyer says.
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch onstage at the Coachella music festival.
Maysak has lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean.
It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph and gusts up to 90 mph.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the deputies' safety and that of their families.
The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Kim Jong Un has backed out of a trip to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations.
The visit would have been Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in 2011.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key.
The complaint was filed by an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant"
Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen.
More than 200 people have been killed in Aden in the past 11 days.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing profound environmental and economic repercussions.
The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry.
Deion Sanders Jr. is a wide receiver at Southern Methodist University.
His Twitter timeline is a mix of biblical verses, motivational quotes and references.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in Damasak.
The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
Malaysia's prime minister orders an investigation into the helicopter crash.
Azlin Alias and Jamaluddin Jarjis were among the victims.
A 14-year-old boy has been arrested on terror-related charges in England, police say.
The boy urged an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of "someone in Australia"
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies, prosecutor's spokesman says.
Lubitz, 27, passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, source says.
Kathmandu, Nepal's capital, was hit by a strong aftershock this afternoon.
A few military planes were going in, trying to bring in aid, but no one wanted to go inside.
"We've come up on a time line," police commissioner says.
"Baltimore is not violent. We have been under a lot of duress," student says.
Police in Malegaon, western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle.
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go" because they are taking jobs from citizens.
Zimbabweans make up about 4% of the total population.
The blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific -- has grown this year.
Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season, resuming the quest to summit the world's highest peak.
In 2014, the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell, unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 Nepalis.
Don McLean's "American Pie" sold to Christie's for $1.2 million on Tuesday.
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, authorities say.
"There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans," an aid group says.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order.
Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
Cynthia Lennon died Wednesday at her home in Mallorca, Spain, her son says.
The pair met at art school, where Cynthia studied to be an illustrator and John practiced painting.
She was a stabilizing force for the young John, who lost his mother at a young age.
Around the world, we're becoming collectively more near-sighted.
Myopia means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry.
The epidemic of myopia amongst East Asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches.
Peter Bergen: ISIS is clearly about religion, but it is also about power.
ISIS presents itself as a global organization but it has thrived because of a local cause.
Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from Baiji oil refinery.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility, posting images online that purported to back up the claim.
Rishi Khanal's survival is unusual, as experts say it's rare for injured people to hold out.
A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building 22 hours after the quake struck.
Millennials don't care what your generation thinks -- they'll get married if and when they want.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once.
April 14 is Equal Pay Day.
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College.
"They're always facing down, and they're shot in the heads, around the back," a medic says.
The Hatton Garden heist in central London is not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins.
Roy Ramm, former commander of specialist operations at London's Scotland Yard for 27 years, explains how such heists are organized.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
The Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores.
Customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe began his project "Toy Soldiers" in the desert of Western Sahara.
Thorpe uses the area's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines.
All the locations chosen are historic locations of battles between Morocco and the Polisario Front.
Sen. Rand Paul is running for president of the United States.
Ruben Navarrette: Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday.
A Lamborghini crashes into a guardrail at the Exotic Driving Experience.
A 36-year-old Florida man dies at the scene.
Details of the plot for "Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration.
Director Gareth Edwards showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the "Star Wars" anthology film.
Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed, but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult.
U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees says 900 refugees have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
Mike Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, founder of Living Lands & Waters.
The nonprofit has collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways since 1998.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction.
Hernandez will be shipped to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, about 40 miles outside Boston.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of Odin Lloyd in June 2013.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote the only recent decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
Sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
Gloria Borger says the Everglades in Florida are full of snakes, scorpions, rats, roaches, gators and mosquitoes.
Last month Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day against sexual harassment in China.
Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted.
Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993.
Anthony Stokes was a heart recipient at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart surgery.
There was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes.
A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds, or 300 million dollars.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa on Friday that inevitability is not unbreakable.
The former Maryland governor said the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders"
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating of a suspect.
Francis Pusok was kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times, KNBC reports.
An Indonesian court rejects a bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge their planned executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island"
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696, ahead of Germany's Jessica von Bredow-Werndl and Unee BB in third.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict.
As many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp, but have no place to go.
"Sanctions are sanctions," Russian President Vladimir Putin says in annual Q&A session.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew and a prominent U.S. lawyer.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein.
Buckingham Palace denies the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, a lawmaker says.
South Korean intelligence agents say he has executed 15 senior officials so far this year.
Ambergris Caye drops out of the top 10 on TripAdvisor's global islands list.
Ko Tao, Thailand, gained five spots this year, moving up from No. 10 last year.
Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son.
"Odin was the backbone of the family. Odin was the man of the house," his mother says.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Last week, 147 people were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus in Garissa.
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists, indictment says.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men were charged.
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
His first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on Fox News and NBC.
Russia cancels Kim's trip to Moscow to mark end of World War II in Europe.
Peter Bergen says it's possible that Kim may not be feeling secure in his position.
This is week two of a series: A Catholic Reads the Bible.
This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" poster features Paul Bettany as the Vision.
Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil"
Director Bryan Singer announced a new character for next year's "X-Men: Apocalypse"
At least 480 migrants have died crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
The author of a 2006 novel accuses Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard of stealing his idea for "The Cabin in the Woods"
Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard, a writer on Whedon's "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"
NATO says the exercises are not a deliberate response to Russia's increasingly brazen behavior.
The numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines.
Hockey player Jarret Stoll was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort.
Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove reference to his great-great-great grandfather's slave-owning ancestor.
Alexis Keslar tried to repel a bee when her stroller rolled into a Yuma canal, police say.
She tried to rescue her sons, but was hampered by the steep sides of the canal and the depth of the water.
Officer Michael Slager is "terminated" from the South Carolina police force, mayor says.
The video shows a second or two of an apparent struggle between the officer and suspect.
It's not clear whether Scott took the officer's Taser.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been ambiguous about accepting responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia.
This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea.
Police identify suspect as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III.
The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca drops the case against President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner.
Alberto Nisman was found dead days after making the accusations.
French-language TV5Monde loses control of its channels and social media accounts.
A day earlier, the network was crippled by an "extremely powerful cyberattack"
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit.
Grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies.
Marilyn Mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States.
None of the rescued girls has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at its detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists.
A third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies.
Critics say the FDA is not doing enough.
Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
Lynch said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done"
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their lawyer says.
"Free the five" became a Twitter hashtag.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico.
Det. Ian Cyrus is accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid.
Cyrus could not be reached for comment.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in Mogadishu.
Officer Michael Rapiejko drove his car into an armed suspect in Marana, Arizona, on February 19.
Valencia, 36, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged.
Rozema: "The fact of the matter remains, though, deadly force was authorized"
David Rothkopf: With the luxury of time and healing, the city has moved on.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over.
Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday.
Two high-profile court trials are coming to a close in Massachusetts.
In Louisville, Kentucky, Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president.
Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula offers 20 kilograms of gold.
The gold reward would be worth about $774,000.
AQAP is a bitter enemy of the Houthi faction, which is Shia.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday.
The law will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21.
The state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate.
The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status.
16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds.
Iowa has about 60 million laying hens, according to the Iowa Egg Council.
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group.
The sentences will be appealed.
Tornado sirens blare Wednesday night in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters.
The National Weather Service indicated a tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri.
Jeffrey Toobin: Religious freedom bills in Arkansas and Indiana caught governors off-guard.
Toobin: Evangelicals and pro-business interests have been powerfully allied against government regulations.
Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
He didn't reveal, however, whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies.
Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
A judge could have sentenced Arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years.
A study found 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed, primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms.
The reality is that sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life.
James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty.
The U.S. is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off.
Kenya, meanwhile, was slated to receive a mere $1.2 million in 2015.
U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter.
Pesticide use is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer in 1994.
He said Dahmer would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them.
Mother-of-four Tanka Maya Sitoula was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her home in Kathmandu.
The 40-year-old says she remained confident she would survive throughout her ordeal amid the rubble.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s.
Lazar: "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering"
Dean Obeidallah: Rolling Stone article about purported gang rape was flawed.
He says the law of defamation must be balanced against freedom of speech.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter"
She died this week at her Connecticut home.
For the fifth year in a row in 2014, ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata.
An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel.
Food Policy Action's "Meatrix: Relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement.
In 2014 alone, the biggest meatpackers and their trade groups spent a combined $4.3 million on lobbyists.
"What Pet Should I Get?" will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since 1990.
It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish"
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls the nuclear deal with Iran a historic mistake.
Netanyahu says the agreement "would pose a grave danger to the region and to the world"
"All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals that Iceman, aka Bobby Drake, is gay.
"X-Men give us a fascinating platform in which to examine such personal journeys," writer says.
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of HIV.
The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
Dean Obeidallah: U.S.-Iranian relationship is "overmatched"
He says Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on Wednesday.
Jury deliberated more than 35 hours over parts of seven days.
Some jurors admitted to not knowing who Patriots owner Robert Kraft was.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
LZ Granderson: NPR's "Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians"
Michelle Keegan has been named the sexiest woman in the world by British men's magazine FHM.
Keegan is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street"
Penelope Cruz will play Derek Zoolander in the sequel to 2001's "Zoolander 2"
The fight between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather won't "save" boxing.
The so-called "Fight of the Century" just reinforces the sport's problems.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
Two of al Qaeda's leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January, al Qaeda says.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, earlier this year.
An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets, surveying destruction to homes and historic sites.
Tristan da Cunha is a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, home to just under 270 people.
The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable.
Jay Z took to Twitter over the weekend to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal.
He used the hashtag #TidalFacts to refute talk the company has been doing a less than stellar job.
In 1942, the SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat.
It was carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver.
The ship went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search went looking for it.
At least 147 people were killed at Garissa University College in Kenya.
Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on the Houthis.
Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the sanctions.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, according to a new study.
The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level.
Experts offer a number of cultural and economic explanations for the increase in excessive drinking.
World's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week, which boasts an $8 million budget.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of "Finding Your Roots" because Ben Affleck put pressure on him.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House.
A staff member spotted the drone Wednesday morning on the roof of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's residence.
HUD says 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both.
Two TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport, police say.
Police say the scheme worked after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps.
Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops.
Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons.
He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen.
Several hundred people gather in Union Square for "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally.
Protesters chanted "Black Lives Matter" and "Justice for Freddie Gray" in Washington.
A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead.
The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king.
Others say a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in March turned nasty.
J.J. Abrams and the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off for the audience.
They capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film.
It wasn't CGI, either, as much of the movie was filmed on actual sets.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning.
Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
Full screening of airport employees would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection"
The TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening, the report says.
Only two major airports in the U.S. require employees to be screened through metal detectors.
More than 100 sailboats take part in the Dauphin Island Race in Mobile Bay, Alabama.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
"My father-in-law passed away peacefully early this morning. He was a great Dad and a great man of God," his daughter says.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left the area of Le Borgne on Wednesday night.
It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather.
The Abkatun Permanente platform is located in the Gulf of Mexico's Campeche Sound.
Valerie Braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris.
"I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham said.
"I was just angry, at that moment, for that exchange," NYPD detective Patrick Cherry says.
Cherry is assigned to the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force with top-secret security clearance.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on the '70s sitcom "The Partridge Family"
Four rainbows appeared in the early morning sky Tuesday in New York.
They were reflected due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signed a law banning a common second-term abortion procedure.
Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warned it was dangerous.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016.
"No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops," government says.
The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans.
A suicide bomber blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday.
The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack.
Nigeria's Muhammadu Buhari says he will aggressively fight corruption.
Buhari will "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast, he says.
Nepalese journalist recounts the aftermath of the earthquake in Kathmandu, Nepal.
She finds both her parents alive and uninjured.
A Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto, describing it as "ridiculous"
If approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
"Don't mention that old son of a b***h. He made us suffer so bad," went Bi's improvised lyrics.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for his "poor choice of words"
Harrison, who is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect to Kaminsky.
Dean Obeidallah: A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if sanctions are removed, Rouhani says.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final.
Scientists continue to study environmental impacts, but long-term negative effects remain unclear.
BP says birds, fish, turtles, sub-sea vegetation and sediment species were all affected.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race.
The death penalty is on the table.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Witnesses tell CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children.
The unidentified male carried a sign with a message about "social justice," authorities said.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa.
The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
A surge of refugees this year has sought to reach Europe via the Libyan coast.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in North and East Africa.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz.
Hillary Clinton says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present.
Clinton is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters.
Tulsa County Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Attorney: "We believe the video itself proves that it was an accident of misfortune"
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season.
The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the attack.
Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, told his strategic management students that they were a disgrace.
"Enough was enough," Horwitz told CNN affiliate KPRC.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States.
No arrests have been made.
"We are not warmongers," Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal says.
"If war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them," he adds.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross.
The latest episode of the "true cross" is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration have reached an agreement on Iran's nuclear program.
The agreement paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions.
Sissa Abu Dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in Egypt's conservative Muslim state.
"If it wasn't for my mother, I would have been on the streets," Dahou tells CBC television.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their lungs.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday.
The train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour.
That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences.
Lois Lilienstein was co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
Lilienstein died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer.
Vidarbha is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis.
More than 500 have died since the start of this year.
An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours.
An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails.
That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she doesn't want to "seek justice for optics"
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls.
The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy.
South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz's nano-sculptures are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret"
Hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at Karlsruhe University, who focus beams of ultraviolet light to "zap" solid the liquid resin, one 3D pixel at a time.
We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial.
Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony.
Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in Goa.
She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said.
The term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness in 2015.
Transgender people have long been misunderstood and persecuted.
"We are definitely in a critical moment for the trans movement," one activist says.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison.
The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Chinese police arrest 133,000 people and seize 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign.
Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use.
CNN's Tom Charity traveled to Aden, Yemen, to see what life was like for the people of Aden.
As the shores of Djibouti grew closer, the uncertainty began to take over.
Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy.
The flows of migrants across the Mediterranean are unlikely to stop.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to federal charges.
Mohamud traveled to Syria in April 2014 "for the purpose of training and fighting with terrorists," prosecutors say.
Actor Jon Cryer re-creates a scene from "Try a Little Tenderness"
It's one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film.
"We are now in a position to move on a path toward the future," Raul Castro says.
"The Cold War has been over for a long time," Obama says.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since 1979.
But a top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming months.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
He won an Oscar for best original song, which he shared with John Legend.
Ramalinga Raju, former chairman of Satyam Computers Services, also fined $804,000.
Raju and nine others were at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009.
A complete skeleton of a camel thought to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in Austria.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna in 2006-2007.
DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel, specifically a "Tulu"
Taylor Swift: "I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private"
The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind.
There is no cure for either disease, but there are treatments that may delay the progression of early-stage glaucoma.
Ruben Navarrette: Hillary Clinton surprised the world with her unconventional campaign launch.
Navarrette says it's hard to deny that the image it projects of Hillary is more confident, fresher and simpler.
Davion Navar Henry Only spent his entire life in foster care.
The older he got, the less likely it was that he would be adopted.
"Full House" co-star John Stamos says Netflix has ordered a reunion special.
The spinoff series will be called "Fuller House"
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country, lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff.
The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters.
He was diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest.
A small group of 117 migrants arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday after being picked up by a tugboat off the coast of Libya.
U.S. has emerged as the global leader in a race that no nation would want to even be a contender in.
Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system.
"There's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu says.
Ronen Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal.
Ziv worries his surrogate mother will not get the proper medical attention required for a safe and healthy birth.
An Afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded.
No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
Indonesia summoned the Saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on Thursday.
Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim had been beheaded without official warning.
She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week.
The shootings began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident, police chief says.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50.
Monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros.
World's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, according to WWF report.
The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in the report, Reviving the Ocean Economy.
Iran's President hails the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program.
"We believe none of that. There is a third path. We can cooperate with the world," he says.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week.
The former Army intelligence analyst is serving a 35-year prison sentence.
"The Dark Knight Returns," published in 1986, is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
Comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The 40-year-old rapper shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Adam Gadahn, 36, was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda.
He was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation.
A 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop, police say.
One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, are making their debut album in Los Angeles.
The sisters were forced to flee Mogadishu after war broke out in 1991.
They are now embarking on a musical journey to unleash their Afro-pop sound.
A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition.
The EPA says the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa may have caused the illnesses.
Walmart, Target, and others are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions.
Dean Obeidallah: Corinthian Colleges closing all of its remaining 28 campuses is a positive development.
He says the for-profit college business is a multibillion-dollar industry.
Jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
The biggest jailer of journalists in the world is China.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska.
"We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," says one protester.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the show at the end of this season.
"I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead," she said.
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday.
Tim Durkan photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline.
Russia expects Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations.
This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in 2011.
The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents and counting.
Thousands of Yazidis now call this corner of Iraqi Kurdistan home.
Yarmouk was set up as a refugee camp for Palestinians in the 1950s.
Since 2012 it has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web, leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named Cheryl.
Les Moonves is president and CEO of CBS Corp., which includes Showtime.
His waiter, Gabriel Salvador, offered Moonves an "in" to Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14 in connection with the remains discovered Saturday in Cambridge.
Earlier this week, Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted.
The photographer had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him.
The headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week.
"It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin told CNN affiliate WNEP.
Frida Ghitis: Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became president.
She says the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from Iraq to testify against the security contractors.
Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire, machine guns and grenade launchers"
Michael Slager was arrested after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the Armenian genocide.
Turkey recalled its Vatican ambassador for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago.
Turkey recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations"
One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged.
They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March.
TV5Monde's 11 channels went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack," director says.
On a mobile site, which was still active, the network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group"
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing.
"We were so in love and happy together," she tells a federal jury Wednesday.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s.
It's just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard.
Migrants have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
He's now set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust.
Sally Kohn: It's sacrilege to compare any lesser issue to horrors perpetrated by the Nazis.
Suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages from Johns Hopkins and Rockefeller Foundation.
A court rejects a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in southwest Japan.
Kagoshima District Court found no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government.
The first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in July.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie a lot.
The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par.
Spieth is the second-youngest winner, behind only Woods, who was 155 days younger that year.
American player Michael Chang was 118 days younger than Becker at the French Open in 1989.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public.
It follows postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress.
U.S. military trainers are bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks, miles from the front line.
But it is how Washington wants this to be.
Cuba and the U.S. have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years.
Obama spoke by phone Wednesday with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president in 2016.
Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning.
Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots.
The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center.
"I think there was a seriousness of purpose," says U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.
Iranian state television broadcast Obama's speech live, something many Iranians described as unprecedented.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on a weapons charge April 12.
He suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later.
Kim Bok-dong was a sex slave of the Japanese army from 1940 onwards.
She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do.
An Italian prosecutor revealed that a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican in 2010.
"A terrorist attack has been foiled," French President Francois Hollande said.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time.
Director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time with the abundant spectacle.
Actress Linda Thompson says Bruce Jenner has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender.
Thompson says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more at the North American box office this weekend.
Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003.
The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier"
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal.
Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day"
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, an official says.
The northern Ramadi districts of Albu Faraj, Albu Essa and Albu Risha were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done.
Freddie Gray's twin sister: "Violence does not get justice"
Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray get into physical altercations with police.
The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with a British journalist.
The journalist started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs.
Sally Kohn: Toya Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent.
She says the world needs more momma bear types -- mothers willing to put themselves between their child and certain danger.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges China to release five young feminists.
They face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The NFL draft begins on April 30.
The New England Patriots await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation.
In January, the NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots.
Malala Yousafzai releases an "open letter" to the kidnapped schoolgirls.
"Like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes.
The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest ever carried out by French authorities.
Sawyer Sweeten was 19 when he committed suicide, his sister says in a statement.
Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on "Everybody Loves Raymond"
Consumer Reports analyzed 70 million passenger trips over the past two years.
Southwest offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million.
JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday.
Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers since taking office in October.
Two Australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an Indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency.
The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
Yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus in 2012.
Atlanta Hawks guard Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested last week after leaving a New York nightclub.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers.
It came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show premiered on Comedy Central.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
The state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients.
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon.
Ghitis: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who no longer believe in the legitimacy of our law enforcement.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States.
He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad.
Sally Kohn: We share unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change.
Dan Swangard was diagnosed with a rare form of metastatic cancer in 2013.
Swangard wants to be able to control when and how his life ends.
Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker.
Carlsberg City has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847, and with it a big slice of Danish cultural history.
The project has attracted interest from all over the world.
The new trailer for "Jurassic World" comes out Monday morning.
It features even more of star Chris Pratt.
"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly, is heading straight to Lifetime.
The critically-panned film opened last year's Cannes Film Festival.
It was originally scheduled for release in late 2013.
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck.
New calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude.
Technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil.
At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say.
Shibuya ward, one of Tokyo's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates"
Same-sex partners registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple says.
Four men from GEM Farms in Schodack, New York, were on the scene to kill the animals.
Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe.
From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts.
In 2014, consumers paid a whopping extra 12.1% for beef and veal.
Some Baltimore businesses are banding together to show their support for the city.
The Washington Redskins refused to change their name to protect its trademark.
Sally Kohn: This is not the first time that someone has "taken back" a marginalizing term in a trademark fight.
The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana.
As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines.
The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper" despite objections from some students.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards, eight years after they killed 17 Iraqi civilians in a shooting in Baghdad, is a positive step for justice.
But it is also not enough, as ISIS is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to support its sectarian narrative.
The first season of "Daredevil" was streamed Friday morning.
Charlie Cox plays Matt Murdock, a blind attorney who lives in Hell's Kitchen.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions.
On Monday, the group voted to adopt a ban as an official policy.
Joel Burger and Ashley King met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois.
Burger King got wind of the article and was immediately interested in the happy couple.
Suspected target was a race planned for Friday, according to a terrorism researcher.
A man and a woman have been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack.
Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail.
There were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria, activists say.
Yarmouk has mostly been seized by groups including ISIS, activists report.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd less than a mile from his home.
Defense lawyer James Sultan says Hernandez had no conceivable reason to kill Lloyd.
Prosecutors portrayed Hernandez as cold, calculating and insecure.
Video shows mother smacking her son in the head as he tries to walk away.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone.
The good news? The sides are still talking.
Freddie Gray, 25, died 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge.
His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage.
A section of a fiberglass boat was spotted off Oregon's coast this week.
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011.
Two African-Americans elected to Ferguson City Council.
Three of the six council members are black.
Obama has argued with progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
Julian Zelizer: What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack.
The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions.
Hundreds of police and soldiers have been killed in militant attacks in the past months.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups.
"This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," Buhari says.
"Our thoughts and prayers, and that of the whole Nigerian nation, are with you today," he adds.
Nepal is struggling to come to terms with the magnitude of the earthquake.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks.
Dr. David Rothkopf is concerned that every cookie delivers an unhealthy snack, but also a dangerous nutrition message.
A Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun.
Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect.
The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force.
SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival"
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday.
In South Carolina this month, Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white. Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black.
Moynihan survived with a bullet wound under one eye.
The size of the doubled search area would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half.
Liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be.
Its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia.
It is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man's land.
Africa has seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent.
Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge of their partners but still retaining a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed in that country.
The CF-18 Hornets strike near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa.
It wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike had caused.
Sonit Awal's face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook.
His father Shyam Awal frantically searched for him amid the rubble.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
"Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart.
Kenya freezes dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters.
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab.
Jia Jiang's book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Jiang started the project after quitting his six-figure job at a tech start-up.
The book is part self-help and part motivational/autobiography.
Holland America Line says two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes.
Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race by driving slowly.
Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while Rosberg has yet to reach the top step.
The executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran early Wednesday morning will be a different story.
The Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder writes a memo to all Justice Department personnel.
The memo doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution.
More than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes due to Boko Haram violence, UNICEF says.
The number of children crossing the border to Chad, Niger and Cameroon has more than doubled in less than a year.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
He may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female.
The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration.
The suit argues that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
E! is set to air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female.
The eight-part, one-hour series will premiere July 26.
Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
"Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Malta's prime minister says.
A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
The tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes.
Miami-Dade police set up a hidden camera in a baggage hold at Miami International Airport.
A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables.
Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, has no previous criminal record, police say.
A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event after an uproar from the public.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
More than 200 Yazidis have been released by ISIS, officials say.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly.
"We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue," a Facebook group seeking to get rid of the statue.
A resident of Jamestown, New York, wants the statue replaced with a new one outside the Lucy-Desi Museum & Center for Comedy and the annual Lucille Ball Comedy Festival.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator.
Mitchell was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
Phil Rudd, drummer for AC/DC, pleads guilty to threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home.
Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album in August had flopped in the charts.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
Many are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe.
"To find the balance in the Force, we want a Jedi temple," the petition says.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir.
"I'm signing because the nearest temple (is) billions of light years away," one supporter wrote.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
Laura Bernardini has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation.
A number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
The U.S. is far too reliant on Russian technology to meet its national security obligations, writes Peter Bergen.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
A team of students from the Ahmadu Bello University in Nigeria is developing an eco-friendly car.
The "ABUCAR 2" is powered by electricity alone, but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together.
Uganda's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV"
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott.
Richard Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife says.
Dysart also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Championship Season"
The acclaimed "L.A. Law" aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994.
Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was taken into custody.
"Make some noise for Freddie Gray," one man shouted into a megaphone.
President Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War.
In 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
A Syrian smuggler says he paid $6,500 to smuggle people across the Mediterranean to Italy.
The smuggler said the money would be released to the smuggler if he changed his mind.
Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations.
Two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday.
Twenty years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
"Redefining Girly" author Melissa Atkins Wardy is a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes.
A mom who wanted to buy "Big Hero 6" fabric wanted to make pillows for her two children.
The fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
The most serious injuries were suffered by inmates assigned to maintenance and cleaning work.
Sen. Bernie Sanders could make an announcement within days, reports CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson.
Few think Biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy.
LZ Granderson: Miami riots of 1980 were first major "race riots" since 1960s.
Roxy Walsh was snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali when she spotted something special.
Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny.
When she returned home to Palm Beach, Australia, Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner.
A U.N. official says the boat capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship.
Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking.
Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday, right between Good Friday and Easter Sunday and during Passover.
Earthquake is 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported.
The issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government.
Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law.
Three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees either resigning or being fired.
Emails made offensive references to President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama.
A new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name.
O.C. Marsh first named the dinosaur in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones discovered in Wyoming.
Comedian Chris Rock tweets about three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole.
Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
He died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto captures the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate.
Sandretto focuses on "solares" -- the crumbling structures that often have several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling.
"It creates a whole community, even if neighbors really don't like each other," she said.
Freddie Gray died one week after being taken into police custody.
Attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up.
A 1,850-acre wildfire burns nearly 2,000 acres in Miami-Dade County.
High temperatures and gusty winds help the fire spread.
"Just Allah knows if we will survive this," says Falih Essawi, deputy head of Anbar Provincial Council.
#UporDown? That's the trending question on social media, thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday.
Peter Bergen: Expect pushback anyway, if the recent past is any harbinger.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose"
Lewis was the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
Rolling Stone retracted a purported gang rape that was never disputed.
An experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms.
The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region.
More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak, part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
An international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers.
Amnesty International says the police were claiming self-defense, alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes.
Alfred Taubman was known as one of the people who helped define suburban life.
Jason Rezaian was arrested in July on unspecified allegations.
He will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said.
Indiana Pacers star Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub early Wednesday.
Two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested.
Charles Alasholuyi is one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014, used in more than four million tweets.
The marketing professional and father-of-three has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday.
The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that he disciplined his son.
Twisted Sister is celebrating its 40th anniversary.
The band will play two shows in Pero's honor.
Norwegians will be the first in the world to phase out radio entirely in two years.
Tiger Woods, Adam Scott, and Jordan Spieth all won the Masters this year.
Yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers.
Sammy Griner's dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move, their lawyer says.
The EPA said Friday that the presence of a pesticide may have caused the illnesses.
John Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members.
The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
"It was like being trapped and you couldn't do anything," Larry Johnson says.
The FAA initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight 5622.
The Senate passes the Medicare reform bill 92 to 8.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix"
It also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's insurance program.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party.
Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7. The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," one woman says on Twitter.
Lawyer for Robert Bates says documents verify some of his training as a law enforcement officer.
Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic.
It will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega.
The special will be filmed in advance and not air live.
40 years ago today, the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge regime.
About 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint.
NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) in April.
Pope Francis addresses the world at the end of Easter Mass.
He calls for violence everywhere to end.
Jae Rockwell, the founder of her local women's fitness groups, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable.
Annastasia W. suggested a group brick workout at our local gym.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday.
It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries.
Executive producer David Benioff told Rolling Stone, "We are starting to build to a crescendo"
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors, his lawyer says.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden.
Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months.
In order to survive, they must rely on ingenuity, resourcefulness and luck.
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate.
An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility.
Bishop Robert Finn resigns after being convicted of failure to report child abuse.
Finn was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church's long-running sex abuse scandal.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide.
President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America.
Retail sales more than doubled last year.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice.
Betty Whitehead Willis was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
The U.S. military has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet.
In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
In his obituary, his family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tinging and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center late Monday.
The five activists on women's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8, the International Women's Day.
The listeria outbreak that prompted Blue Bell Creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010.
Blue Bell recalled all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states.
A 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas.
It's the 122nd diamond found at the park so far this year.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and other charges.
His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but the judge denied the request.
He is accused of running over the two men during an argument.
A mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria.
Health officials are scrambling to determine its cause.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta condemns "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind"
Kenyan police parade the bodies of men they say carried out the attack.
An 8-year-old girl's skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood.
She urgently needs surgery to remove the clots on her brain.
A neurosurgeon has scrubbed up at the request of a Nepalese medical team.
The first six "Star Wars" movies will be available for digital HD on Friday.
Audio features include that of the insect-like Geonosians.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike targeting al Qaeda, his wife says.
"There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," Elaine Weinstein says.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan.
A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups.
The video shows two groups of men being killed at different locations in Libya.
A 4-month-old infant was taken to a Las Vegas hospital Wednesday.
A search warrant was served at the family's home the next day.
The 3-year-old girl was found dead "for at least a few weeks"
U.N. appeals for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing on April 15, 2005.
He left behind a live-in girlfriend, a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement.
"Oh! I shot him. I'm sorry," Robert Bates says in video of Eric Harris' shooting.
"Slip and capture" is when a person intends to do one thing but instead does another in a high-stress situation.
Law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side.
Survivor Rebekah Gregory: "I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon in 2013.
Film critic Richard Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke.
His all-TIME top 100 movies list contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo"
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign.
Rick Santorum says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a "limited view" of religious freedom.
Santorum: "Tolerance is a two-way street"
#MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online.
We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are part of our realities nonetheless.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges.
As a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee, Zhou ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns, police say.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners.
Obama administration should learn another lesson from history: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort.
The fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy.
Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal.
"This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it," says Anuradha Koirala.
Mario Valencia, 36, is accused of shoplifting a.30-30 rifle in Marana, Arizona.
Walmart says it acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security to call police.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, on Wednesday when he saw a tree.
Warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver, who appeared to be in shock.
Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that has been viewed more than 1 million times.
Photographer Laurence Rasti used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees.
Despite their status, they cannot earn a living in Turkey and it take years to get papers to go to a new country.
Gulnaz was barely 16 when she was raped by her cousin's husband.
She's now carrying the third child of her attacker, Asadullah, who was convicted and jailed.
"The Crawler in the Dark," a new sci-fi horror movie set in Japan's Meiji era, is going directly to YouTube.
The file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo" was uploaded.
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.
The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
In 2014 more than 80% of would-be migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of migrant traffic to Europe last year.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
Frida Ghitis says Pope Francis has reawakened her faith.
She says the Pope defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled.
The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row.
Indonesia has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island"
The executions, which will be carried out by firing squad, were planned for earlier this year.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau was jailed for seven years for having an affair with her 13-year-old student.
The pair wed soon after she was released from prison and are now the parents of two teen girls.
Percy Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her," "Warm and Tender Love" and "It Tears Me Up"
His biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," towered over them all.
Erika Langhart had a zest for life when she was just 24 years old.
A blood clot started in an artery/vein in her right thigh and traveled to her lungs.
New NYPD training materials were submitted to a federal judge on Monday for approval.
They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
Misao Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan, says Peter Bergen.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011.
Some of the suspects were involved in a Pakistani market bombing in 2009.
Huntley High's blended learning program merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting.
One-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled.
Nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years.
The epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, where the majority of Nepal's citizens reside.
Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after his arrest.
Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down.
Using the hashtag #RhodesMustFall, students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States.
Amnesty International says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013.
The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history.
An earthquake is the ground shaking caused by a sudden slip on a fault.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani tells Japan's parliament that his jets have, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space.
Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment"
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink.
Cetin says the dynamism surrounding the 100th anniversary excites her.
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid.
Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "mask its true purpose"
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed.
Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday.
O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events.
Mary Jane Veloso, a Filipina maid and mother of two, was put to death by firing squad Wednesday.
Veloso was arrested in 2010 after $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob in August 2013.
At least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes were targeted.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty last week on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon bombings.
The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race.
Nine British citizens were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says.
They were suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night.
It was bound to be bigger than any previous year's ACMs.
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
"They got it wrong," Hernandez says as he is being transported from the courthouse to a state prison.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018.
If approved, the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe.
Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion.
William Melendez, 49, is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner.
He's the former police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, Floyd Dent, around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
The U.S. Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs, and the charges are serious indeed.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. two years ago.
Premeau thinks the firestorm was sparked by people Googling "Memories Pizza" and confusing the two businesses.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Sweden grants 480 days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income.
The remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day, or $22.
This page includes the show Transcript.
Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary.
At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif receives hero's welcome as he arrives in Iran on a sunny Friday morning.
The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start.
Frida Ghitis: This Holy Week we reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking.
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations.
While Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth.
Despite Modi's big pro-business push, India simply can't size up against China's raw economic might.
World Happiness Report: People who live in happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support.
Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place.
In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
Aaron Hernandez could face three more trials after being convicted of murder in Odin Lloyd's death.
Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in 2012.
A judge froze his $5 million in assets pending the outcome of the double-murder trial.
Mohamed Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya"
Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years.
Officials are trying to track down people who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb split in May 2014.
Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
The federal RFRA was designed partly to protect the Native Americans' use of peyote.
ISIS has taken the east of Baghdad, the only safe route from Baghdad to Anbar province.
The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Jon "Bones" Jones, the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion, is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
The new policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
Police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.
A 15-year-old has also been arrested.
There had been speculation the suspects might be charged with a hate crime.
"Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," hospital says.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities, shortly before events they had planned for International Women's Day.
Selena's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"
The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company.
Mitchelle Angela Blair has been charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her then 9-year old son, Stephen Gage Berry.
The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside a freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24.
Cyclist Wang Pingan had been cycling for 460 days when his bike was stolen.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered, police said.
Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the 1981 Brinks Armored Car robbery.
Leo Frederick Burt was part of a group that bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970 to protest the Vietnam War.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight.
Adult coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults.
Creator Emma Farrarons: "Adult coloring is absolutely a growing trend and consumers are really taking to the idea"
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature-length film as director.
The film is set in the decaying city of Detroit.
Gosling: "There are Lost Rivers everywhere"
Report: Chinese nuclear experts say Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
ESPN suspends Britt McHenry for a week after video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced.
Julian Zelizer: ISIS and Boko Haram have a strategy beyond the battlefield.
Women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community, he says.
"Thugs" is the 21st century word for the n-word, the Rev. Jamal Bryant says.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "These are children who have been set aside, marginalized"
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton has been referred to as the mononymous "Hillary"
Zelizer: She's famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she?
He says we've long called Clinton by her first name, and first name only, in a way we don't do with men.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
"Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday.
He is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
"The entire city was under darkness," an IBN correspondent says.
The number of people confirmed dead in Nepal stands at 3,218, a government spokesman says.
Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost offers to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue.
Artist Dave Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "most unsettling sculpture"
A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week, state-run media reports.
The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region.
Charlie Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
But he craves the kind of French fries that only capitalism can make.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai built a prototype house with water in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest.
The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts Gutai has written about extensively.
Peter Greste planted Gallipoli rosemary in his backyard to honor the dead.
Australia's participation in the war was contested from the outset.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner"
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate.
Some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought, also hotel management and tourism and archaeology.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3"
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Erica Kinsman has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape.
Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
Jonathan Crombie co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies.
Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
An Apple tablet that Pope Francis once owned just sells for $30,500.
The tablet had all the personal touches of a papal hand-me-down.
Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking"
Gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI"
Vin Diesel predicted "Furious 7" will win best picture at the Oscars.
Diesel said the film won't be relevant because the cast is so diverse.
Kenya and Al-Shabaab are at war, according to a University of Maryland study.
Marleni Olivo, 54, threw a mango at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Maduro: "She had a housing problem, right? And, Marleni, I have approved it"
The Palestinian Authority officially becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
It gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel.
The ads will be featured in the company's stores, on television, in print and on billboards.
CNN's John Sutter is asking readers to vote on what a 2-degree world might look like.
This poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's series "Treesome" reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," says climber Carsten Pederson.
"And then suddenly, we felt the aftershock," he tells CNN.
Relief mission is only the third of its kind to reach Melamchi since Saturday's quake.
Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the area.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas.
Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen.
"All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," the post said.
The post was removed a day later, just before Ebony Dickens was arrested.
The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.
Many are asking, some via Twitter, is it enough to fight #xenophobia?
Andrew Lesnie worked with Peter Jackson on "Lord of the Rings" and "Hobbit" films.
The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner, the directorial debut of Russell Crowe.
Anthony Ray Hinton thanked God and his lawyers outside the county jail in Birmingham.
Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers.
Patrick Dempsey played Dr. Derek Shepherd on "Grey's Anatomy"
He died after helping victims of another accident.
The character's death leaves his TV wife as the show's mainstay.
The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino.
David Rothkopf: Even unpleasant experiences can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well.
Climbers in Everest Base Camp panic as huge wave of snow falls over them.
"Whoa! Whoa!" Screams and expletives are heard.
Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen.
"For the wounded, their chances of survival depend on action within hours, not days," an ICRC official says.
Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification.
It can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Lasers can also trigger lightning in clouds, within clouds, but not to the ground.
Duke University students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid"
The rope noose was found near a student center at 2 a.m.
Beatriz Paez is considering a lawsuit against the U.S. Marshals Service.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
Mercedes driver beats rival Nico Rosberg by four hundredths of a second.
The pair have endured a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
Georgia chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze banned from Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Nigalidze was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto chess analysis app.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five shots going into the third round.
The 21-year-old has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta.
Anamarie Shreeves is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti.
For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of recreational marijuana in January 2014.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010.
Rogers: "Somebody is going to become a mogul"
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
A total of 15 defendants were charged originally, but most took plea deals.
Venezuelan Maickel Melamed completes the 26.2-mile Boston Marathon.
The 39-year-old is battling muscular dystrophy.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen.
For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy.
Liana Barrientos pleads not guilty to two counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
The three have been in jail since February 22.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban and the men will not face deportation.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto gives U.N. agency three months to relocate refugees to Somalia.
Ruto: "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa"
Julian Zelizer says Sen. Bernie Sanders is running for president.
Zelizer: He's a progressive, holding his seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union"
He will take over the program in June; he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman have written a book to help people understand how creative insight works in the brain.
Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts. Even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention.
A grand jury indicts nine people in the Pappy Van Winkle heist.
The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, 45, a loading dock worker at the Buffalo Trace Distillery.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
LZ Granderson: Police are in a no-win situation; when things go wrong, they go wrong fast.
A bomb explodes near a U.N. vehicle traveling near Garowe on Monday morning.
Six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF -- were killed.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Monday's attack.
Vijay Chokalingam posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission to prestigious schools.
He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools, results that he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
Argentina recorded the highest temperature ever recorded on Antarctica on March 24.
The Chicago Daily News, an afternoon newspaper, was strictly limited in the hours it could publish.
Bob Lewin had been told "to do something on the new president"
The Tulsa County reserve deputy who fatally shot a man turned himself in to authorities Tuesday.
Robert Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations.
A new way of talking about climate change is emerging.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion.
A U.S. official says up to 25,000 Iraqi troops are expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
A senior administration official says Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge.
The challenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week.
Irish betting company Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States.
Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the presidency of FIFA.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes "treatment," police say.
She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person.
Photographer Conor McDonnell shares his top tips on how to supercharge your Instagram fan base.
The 23-year-old self-taught photographer has amassed over 25,000 followers on his personal account.
Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory"
One of our six suggested things to watch this week.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of killing Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction.
Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
"Words cannot fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy," university president says.
James Holmes is on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder.
He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office denies the allegations in the Tulsa World report.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz and other sheriff's officials have repeatedly insisted Bates was properly trained.
Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650.
Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to buy the luxury jet.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner was not Cecily Strong's finest hour.
Social media responded to Hillary Clinton's announcement.
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms after a childhood friend was diagnosed with cancer.
Since 2006, the nonprofit has provided practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents.
Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of "Roots: The Saga of an American Family"
"Roots" had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl.
His family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall.
Zuriel Oduwole is the world's youngest filmmaker.
Born in California to a Nigerian father and a Mauritian mother.
Her latest project, "A Promising Africa," has received limited release in five countries.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police.
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth Monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son.
The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, says she doesn't support a woman being president.
Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office.
That includes a projected Friday take of $58 million-$60 million.
The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach European shores.
Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar said Libyan authorities had not been consulted.
Jared Leto portrays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The peaceful transition of power from President Goodluck Jonathan to President Muhammadu Buhari is the first of its kind in history.
The winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary Nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, an undercover officer says.
Bates' actions are attributed to a phenomenon known as "slip and capture"
New research seems to support the theory that Mars could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night.
Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil.
Lauren Bacall sold 750-piece art collection at Bonhams auction house in New York.
Collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century.
Bacall died in August 2014 at the age of 89.
Photographer Ernst Haas was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative.
Haas was also a regular on movie sets.
Britain's Prince Harry is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint.
The 30-year-old prince is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Rep. Adam Schiff says Ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held Ohio back in the past.
Mare Nostrum was launched after 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013.
It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," under the auspices of the European Union's border agency, Frontex.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, of assault after he made sexual advances at her.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
U.S. President Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region.
In the next few weeks the Department of Justice will begin to negotiate with the city to restructure the police department.
Peter Bergen says the DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests.
Freddie Gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested, police say.
Gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, officials say.
A New York judge has said Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce.
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
Baidoo's marriage to Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku began to unravel after they married in 2009.
Jennifer Stewart says her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stewart and her husband spent $1,200 to ship the cat on the 14-hour flight.
Photographer Andres Figueroa documented religious festivals in South America's Atacama Desert.
The festival draws influences from Europe, the Inca and more recently, Chinese traditions.
Louis Jordan, 37, had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months.
A storm capsized his boat and broke his mast, so he couldn't fix the boat right away.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness in Mexico.
Arango had earlier curled in a magnificent free kick for Club Tijuana.
But the 34-year-old overshadowed his goal with the bite.
Tim Sherwood will welcome Gary Gardner back to his first team squad during pre-season to assess closely whether the 22-year-old can cut it for Aston Villa in the Premier League.
Gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest and scored a superb free-kick in front of the Villa manager during the defeat to Watford at the City Ground.
Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Both federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year.
As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk.
The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across.
It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually.
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency is scrapping the paper counterpart.
Information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the DVLA’s database, and will have to be checked online, by phone or by post.
Motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity.
It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years.
The movie uses footage recorded by the spacecraft between 2011 and 2015.
Highlights include large tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences.
Other fantastic sections show bright, active regions on the sun's surface as magnetic fields send it into turmoil.
Justin Rose finished second at the Masters after carding 14-under-par.
Rose hopes to follow in the footsteps of Rory McIlroy in the coming years.
The American hopes to win the US Open and Masters this year.
Neighbour Audrey Alexander's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has left parts of her garden in deep shade.
Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size, the council has ruled they can stay.
It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family.
Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home.
The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game with Spurs.
The Toon boss has asked for advice from Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer.
Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline at the end of last season amid a toxic atmosphere inside St James' Park.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the man to beat at the French Open.
Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season.
The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week, putting paid to Sarah's critics.
Don McLean is responsible for American Pie, the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades.
This week its lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean, were sold at auction in New York for more than $1 million.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of rules.
They also left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane.
Residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers'
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief.
All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them.
But despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center.
Fire crew scoured Boise, Idaho, for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!'
Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm)
The Eagles have won just two of their last eight Premier League home matches.
Mile Jedinak has been ruled out for Palace through suspension.
Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added.
Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
Yelp is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor's offices.
However, like many web businesses, Yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company.
Last month, filmmaker Kaylie Milliken released a trailer for her documentary in an attempt to fund the rest of the film's production.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata.
Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid but opted for a move to Italy instead.
Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust.
She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding.
But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer.
Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock’s permanent manager on Friday.
The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann since he replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February.
Julia, 54, also features on the cover of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, which is featured in the May issue of the magazine.
Tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours.
Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall of a home.
Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'
The device, which could be in homes by the end of summer, will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper.
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England.
Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up.
The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season, but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps.
A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives.
Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond.
Manchester Untied shared a picture of Sir Bobby Charlton with Ian Rush to mark the anniversary.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current deal.
Sterling's value could plummet by up to £25million if he chooses to buy-out the final year of the current deal for £1.7million.
Horrifying images show hundreds of baby seals being clubbed to death on Canada's ice floes as 'commercial hunt' gets underway.
Animals are shot and wounded on thin ice before being dragged onto vessels where they are clubbed and skinned for their fur.
Animal rights charity Humane Society International says baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products nobody is buying'
Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp, hooded and grey seals, according to HSI.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 at Villa Park in the FA Cup quarter-final.
Reading fans invaded the pitch after the replay at the Madejski Stadium.
Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Visitors to Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal.
The video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car.
A number of lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage.
Sean O'Driscoll's side lost 2-1 to France in their final Euro 2016 qualifier.
Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for the hosts.
Patrick Roberts halved England's deficit 11 minutes from time.
Manchester City's James Milner could leave as a free agent.
Liverpool's Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Anfield.
Everton want to lock Luke Garbutt down for the long term but he's yet to commit.
Manchester United want to sign England international Tom Cleverley.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop at the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica.
The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
On a tour of the house where the reggae legend lived until his death in 1981, Obama was shown a trophy room where Marley's Grammys and platinum records were on display.
A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested on Saturday.
He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to attack police.
The alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police who tipped off Australia.
Five men were arrested over the planned attack in Melbourne on Anzac Day.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with terror offences.
Teresa James, 40, started whitening her teeth five years ago.
She was influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired.
In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
The trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’
Justin Rose is back training ahead of his next PGA tour event.
The Englishman pushed Jordan Speith all the way at the Masters 2015.
Rose posted a photograph on Twitter showing his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator.
It lets players practice their games inside their own homes with incredible accuracy.
Campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table.
The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK.
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear.
Mr King said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at Federation Square.
He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
Dante de Blasio accepted into Ivy League universities Yale and Brown.
The mayor's son will make his decision by the end of the month.
Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income, he is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton's syndrome.
His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body.
Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover RJ's body with creams to try and prevent his skin drying out.
But while out shopping recently, Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police, who had been called by a member of the public.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece’s prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today.
The visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
It comes amid reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the West.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light.
Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
Now, as temperatures in the UK are set to soar, she is desperate for a drug that can help her.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, tried to burn her ex's name off with acid.
The mother-of-one said she couldn't afford laser removal surgery.
Instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped, Jessica's DIY treatment gave her chemical burns.
Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England.
Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June.
Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring after 15 minutes.
Thomas Muller added a third with eight minutes to go.
Reece Oxford scored in West Ham's 3-2 defeat to Manchester United.
The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the Hammers this season.
Oxford has been tipped to be a future England international.
Alison Sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m settlement with her ex-husband Charles.
But he lied about the value of his share in AppSense, valued at £132m.
Court of Appeal found Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information.
Mrs Sharland will now take her case to the Supreme Court in June.
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12.
The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from Morden, south west London, has donated 50 eggs.
In the space of 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
She injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period.
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media.
They show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back.
One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi.
The gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling was encouraged by his agent to reject Liverpool’s offer of close to £100,000-a-week.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar.
The clip shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent.
She then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them.
Harry Kane has told England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Kane has scored 30 goals for Spurs this season.
He is due to join Tottenham's end-of-season trip Malaysia and Australia.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey craze.
Hopes to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at Westward Ho! in Folkestone.
He has been in a dispute with Shepway District Council over its use as a house of multiple occupation for homeless people.
Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic is in the final year of his contract.
Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old's ambitions.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'
Home colouring has left it dry and out of condition.
The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment costs from £250.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
West Ham have already beaten their total in the Premier League last year.
There is a meeting planned for after the season ends in May.
Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close.
They will take part in a series of lectures and briefings, revealing latest findings about the 269 metre-long liner.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 at the Country Club.
The sixth seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final.
Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set.
Berdych hit 21 winners and sealed his win in 67 minutes.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
The Cherry and Whites will compete for their first European title since 2006.
Victory in the capital would also earn them a home play-off spot for next season’s Champions Cup.
Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women.
In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel.
He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting.
When it became too much, Sapp told her: 'Why don't you use your mouth on me, instead of using it. Just go. Just move. Your girl
Selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp.
She was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group.
The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit.
Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes - 30,000 more than his closest competitor.
He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year.
Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn.
Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour before being taken to an equine hospital.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years.
He murdered Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter.
The pair were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors.
Cameron also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
Carrie Fisher, 58, and Mark Hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Director JJ Abrams explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look, according to a new study.
Nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to their health.
Seven per cent, meanwhile, have actually had allergic reactions.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women's housing unit, away from older inmates.
Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide.
Crystal Palace beat champions Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Alan Pardew, Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman.
Pardew used seven Englishmen including matchwinner Jason Puncheon.
England No 1 Joe Hart and utility man James Milner both played for City.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity.
The 58-year-old says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image.
Other objects found in images of Mars include what some UFO hunters claim to be a fossilised iguana.
Mark Hawkins, 49, barricaded himself inside Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon.
He was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted in Lane County.
Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle.
Bullet struck police dog named Baco in the head, prompting exchange of gunfire.
Officers involved in the shooting have now been placed on leave.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million.
Brazilian has not been able to play for the club without a work permit.
The 22-year-old has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for any team in the European Union.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals to help Real Madrid bounce back.
Ronaldo scored an eight-minute hat-trick as the visitors were swept aside.
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia.
The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club last week.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta on Sunday.
The 39-year-old's wrist bone 'popped out' of place, forcing him to put it back in.
Woods, playing in his 20th Masters tournament, ended up at 5-under-par.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing.
He followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face.
Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van, leaving his frightened wife with a black eye and a lump on her head.
Bulman was given a 12-month community order at Bristol Crown Court.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time.
The 30-year-old could only watch on as it trickled over the line.
Federici has since issued an apology to Reading's fans.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat known for their wild, curly hair.
He is also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein.
Albert has already racked up 44.1k followers on Instagram.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston denies five FA charges for abusive text messages.
Oyston initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.
His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour's presence on its'strategically important' coastline following a spike in tensions between Russia and NATO nations.
Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe.
But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris.
Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders encouraged to charge Lord Janner.
She was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes.
Both Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute.
Mrs Saunders decided that it was not in the public interest to put Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer’s.
Latest revelation came as Mrs Saunders endured a barrage of criticism for ending the case before it could reach court.
Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday night.
Juan Mata scored a brace to secure a five-point cushion over the chasing pack.
Louis van Gaal's side sit fourth in the Premier League table.
But Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers.
There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties.
Party houses are just short-term accommodation options that people regularly rent out for rowdy events like Bucks parties.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday.
Klitschko has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade.
The Ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout against Jennings, who is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance.
Travelled for eight hours from London's Paddington station to reach Cornwall.
The Conservatives are battling against their Coalition partners in the South-West.
But Mr Cameron is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally.
Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27.
In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Leonardo Jardim is proud of Monaco's progress to the Champions League quarter-finals.
Jardim's side are third in Ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years.
The principality club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain.
His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
Lily Sharp convinced her mother she had been kidnapped by a stranger.
She then sent a picture of herself perched on their sofa.
Her mother does not find the joke funny.
Lily is now threatening to call the police.
Lionel Messi returned to Barcelona training on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule.
Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break.
The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June.
It stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as disgraced paedophile.
Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is'ready' for it to be shown.
Twitter users have slammed his 'unbelievable' subject choice.
Cesc Fabregas is set to start against former club Chelsea on Sunday.
Fabregas left Arsenal for Barcelona in 2011.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari insists the flag should be taken down.
The 27-year-old made 303 appearances for Arsene Wenger's side.
The island of Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia.
It is unknown for certain what the rectangular island was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago.
Archaeologists conducted limited and inconclusive excavations at the site in the 1950s and 1960s.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days before his execution painting for as long as possible.
His final request comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by Sukuman in his cell, depicting the artist shot through the heart.
Sukumaran only began painting when he was arrested and sent to prison in 2005.
The artist's skill and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair's lives.
Residents in Oldham, Manchester, were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman.
Rather than load the bags into his lorry, the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins.
Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later.
They searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Yoshinori Muto has admitted that he is still considering a move to Chelsea.
Chelsea president Naoki Ogane claims the Blues have made an offer.
Muto scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week.
Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn, Lancashire.
The pet has attacked several terrified postmen.
Miss Sandifford says Royal Mail are victimising Winston and her family are being 'taunted all the time' by people in the area.
Ten people, including four children, have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in Brisbane's west.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon.
A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter.
Six others have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish.
Wildlife officials say they started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago.
They are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases.
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round at the Masters.
Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot.
Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Yaya Toure admits he is open to 'new challenges' at Manchester City.
Inter Milan target admits he will not stay at the Etihad just to earn £220,000-a-week wages.
Toure is wanted by his former manager Roberto Mancini.
Atletico Madrid went two goals ahead after just 10 minutes at the Vicente Calderon.
Goals from Antoine Griezmann and Mikel Gonzalez sealed the win.
Diego Simeone's side are now just two points behind La Liga leaders Real Madrid.
Over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots.
They are able to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity.
Yesterday, the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Lionel Messi scored his 33rd league goal of the season as Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 at the Nou Camp.
Luis Suarez doubled the Catalans' lead with a left-footed strike on the half hour mark.
Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes.
29-minute video titled 'Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence' shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive.
At least 16 men, described by Islamic State as 'followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church', are lined up and shot in a desert area.
12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded.
This follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya, though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film.
It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs and the match 7-4.
The defeat sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth.
Chisnall moved up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in their 0-0 draw at Burnley.
The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Kane has hailed the 'best week of my life' after captaining Spurs.
Tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed Manchester City.
Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn.
Hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions.
The mailman has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt.
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington.
Sensing he may have gone too far with threat to wrestle Ukip leader to ground.
But Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact'
Tory leader said: 'In this debate tonight, jujitsu, is that the right thing?'
Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have over a decade of history in the league.
Mourinho has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal, averaging a goal every 87 minutes.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week.
The agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including Noreen Carr.
Dargin says high-end brands are hesitant to sign Aboriginal models because the concern is the fashion platform could be used for political purposes.
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday.
In 2007, Filipovic was beaten by a first-round head kick by Gonzaga.
Gonzaga insists he does not view the fight as a rematch, given the eight-year wait.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model.
The 177-centimetre beauty has appeared in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines.
She said she was offended at being asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term.
The 24-year-old, who found fame on The Only Way Is Essex, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win.
Kevin De Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed several good chances.
Sarah, 23, agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test.
Her mother dropped the bombshell that Phil - who raised Sarah - may not actually be related to her last year.
Determined to find out the truth, the pair went on the show to get an answer.
The pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship.
The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again under scrutiny.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head during rush-hour traffic.
She was able to pull over and call for help despite the gunshot wound.
Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon.
Smoke billowed from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring inferno under control.
The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe, according to recent data released by KAYAK.com.au.
Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe.
The number of Australians heading overseas has also increased in recent years.
Dog grooming craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square.
The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look.
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault.
Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old.
Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag.
The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada.
Charlie Brooks, Nike's vice president of North America communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday.
Benik Afobe, Bakary Sako and Dexter Blackstock scored for the Reds.
But Wolves boss Kenny Jackett has told his side to keep their focus.
Jackett believes it is now just the top eight in the Championship.
Jamie Pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones.
The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family.
Pettingill avoided jail time, with the judge fearing his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation.
Justin Braddock, 34, was found slumped in front seat of a car in DeLand, Florida.
Deputy Patrick O'Melia, 39, spent seven minutes giving him CPR.
Braddock was taken to hospital but fled and was later caught by deputies.
Saracens came up short against Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard in Saint-Etienne.
Mark McCall’s men lost back-to-back European and domestic finals last year.
Sarries have five of their starting pack under the age of 24 - all English qualified.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours.
The McLaren driver said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance.
Button was running on behalf of the charity Cancer Research.
A new Kansas law tells poor families that they can't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie.
The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
To qualify that family must have an annual household income below $31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $2,000.
British Transport Police have recorded 630 football-related incidents so far.
Chief Constable Paul Crowther said: 'Sadly this type of casual thuggery is occurring just about on a weekly basis on our trains'
He said impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are both in contract negotians with their clubs.
Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, but his contract dispute has caused problems.
Walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a long-term layoff for a knee injury.
Arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when Walcott features, winning 62.50% of their games when he is in the team, compared to 59.1% without him.
Dug the pug was hiking with his owner, Lindsay Castro, in Fontana, Canada.
They heard a rattling sound, but Dug ran up to the reptile.
He was bitten in the face, and his face swelled to twice its size.
After two days of intensive treatment, he is ready to go home.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday night.
Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was wrongly flagged for offside.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers said it was a'very poor decision'
A stroll through Times Square won't cost you a dollar and nearby Central Park and Grand Central Station are likewise free to peruse for an afternoon.
Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills, such as the Botanischer Garten, which is free to the public.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire.
The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
They were released at 11.30 am on Thursday morning after entering the jail, in Canning Vale, Western Australia.
Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime
Intrepid Travel have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11.
All 12 bookings they have out in Nepal have been accounted for and plans are being made to return them home.
Foreign Office has advised tourists in Nepal to follow local authorities' advice.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to.
The 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday.
Many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well.
There are still several dozen British travellers still missing in Nepal.
Charli Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years.
Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Richard Clements, 62, believed to have been mowing grass outside his property.
Machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath.
Family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him.
But he was pronounced dead at the scene in Wattisham, Suffolk, yesterday.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March.
Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal last month.
Harry Kane missed out on player of the month after scoring five times.
Arsenal sit third in the Premier League, seven points behind Chelsea.
Andreas Lubitz appears to have researched suicide methods, cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing the Germanwings plane into the French Alps.
The 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide.
People who use Lorazapam are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner.
The Prime Minister visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil the party's latest proposal to improve education standards.
Under a future Tory government children who achieve poor SATs results will be forced to resit them in secondary school.
As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices.
It promises to turn light lager into craft after just two minutes of steeping.
But the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes 'craft beer'
Tottenham host Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have won two of their last three Premier League games.
Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy on the Europa League.
Filmmaker Gabriel Ng spent three months filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone.
The six-minute video contains breathtaking sights that make it clear why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists.
Leroy Fer injured his knee during a 2-0 win at Sunderland in February.
The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech.
Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz.
It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall.
The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
HBO has warned internet users that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on April 21.
Hundreds of users have taken to the online broadband forum Whirlpool to voice their opinion about the email they received.
Some users have claimed they will go back to illegal downloading if they get cut off while others say they are not too bothered if the network is no longer accessible.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday.
Tony Fernandes was watching the game from his iPhone away from the game.
Fernandes revealed that Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday's visit of Chelsea.
Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz.
The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him.
A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million in Cornwall.
Estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage, overlooking an ancient smugglers’ cove.
Summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, and they can be used separately to provide lots of space for a family.
The scenic county has always been a popular destination thanks to its rugged coastline, but interest in the programme is giving the local tourism and housing market a boost.
Each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages.
Pilots such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
The vaccine, known as RTS,S, took 30 years to develop but is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives.
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the vaccine.
Kyle Naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season after David Meyler's red card challenge on Saturday.
The Hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge.
Naughton suffered ligament damage and will face a six-week lay-off.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday.
World No 1 Williams won her 19th singles grand slam at the Australian Open.
In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today.
Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach this year.
Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case involving a drug gang.
He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
Terrorist group's first English bulletin aired on its al-Bayan radio network on Tuesday.
The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent.
US researchers discovered a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter.
Plant geneticists say their finding could lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants.
The World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, which is valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Four Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' as they set off blue smoke bombs outside Arsenal's north London home.
The pranksters wore Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks to hide their identity.
As the famous A-Team soundtrack kicks in, a narrator claims: 'In 2004, a Portuguese general known as the special one put together a crack commando unit'
The toxic pesticide that poisoned a U.S. family on vacation in the Virgin Islands has also been improperly used in Puerto Rico.
The EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died.
Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith.
He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail that the Liberal party offered hush money equivalent to a month's wages to an activist.
Lawyers for the parents of Michael Brown announced Wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of Ferguson.
Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014.
Wilson resigned in November.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham in their 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday.
At just 21 years and 251 days, the striker led out his side for the first time.
That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27 at Wembley.
West Brom host Queens Park Rangers at The Hawthorns (Saturday 3pm)
Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony.
Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with knee ligaments damaged.
Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness.
Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries.
Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years.
He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
The 28-year-old is desperate to win the FA Cup and end his 270-game barren spell at Anfield.
Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) to investigate claims.
Former Met chief failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry.
Probe stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Metropolitan Police from 1998 to 2000.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters.
Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters.
The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity.
Australian team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to US$100,000 to use on research.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight.
SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000)
Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has blamed Mayweather's side for the lack of tickets.
Lewis Hamilton set the pace in first practice ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
The Mercedes driver finished 0.541secs clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Vettel was a further half a second adrift at 1:40.157secs, with Kimi Raikkonen 1.6secs down on Hamilton.
In 1992, a Drug Enforcement Agency operation which has since been discontinued, monitored every telephone call made from the United States to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking.
This is also now the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country.
The DEA program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the Justice Department.
There was no mention of just how big the program was, and the amount of data the agency was authorized to gather.
Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, shaved her head during an educational video.
A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector.
The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
In court today, prosecutors said she married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia - countries that were'red flags' for immigration.
Lawyers for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday.
They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events.
The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population'
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to Rotherham.
Patrick Bamford doubled the lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish.
Aitor Karanka's side stayed fourth in the Sky Bet Championship table.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years.
She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is 'great'
The game was created by Canada-based Network365.
Players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and son, Brendon, 39.
As he was escorted from court, he screamed: 'You've sentenced me to life and I sent them to death'
Judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance'
Vuozzo was two when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in 1970.
Brent's father, Herbert, later received nine-month sentence for dangerous driving.
Cheryl Howe was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12.
32-year-old suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.
She has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS.
Spent £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
Has had initial appointments and is booked in for £10,000 treatment in September.
Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
Gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h in some parts of NSW.
'The umbrella graveyard. #sydney #takemehome,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a Sydney bin.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu.
He became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday.
Medics had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck.
His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife Tracy, 48, in March last year.
The pair had married in Cyprus in 2012 but their relationship had waned.
Walters, who also worked as a driving test examiner, was charged with his wife's murder two months later – ten days after her funeral.
He has described their early sex life together as 'dramatic'
Mrs Walters was flown to hospital but died two days later from her injuries.
Sam Tomkins has agreed to rejoin Wigan after cutting short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors.
The 2012 Super League Man of Steel will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016.
Wigan received a world record transfer fee for Tomkins when they agreed to release him in September 2013 but retained first option to re-sign him in the event of him returning to Super League.
The research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus.
They send and receive signals to regulate appetite.
But when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted, the cells no longer make it.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri.
His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution.
Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Pep Guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season.
Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre has yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich.
Former Bayern Munich boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre should replace Guardiola at the Allianz Arena.
Tim Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season.
The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the Heisman Trophy winner.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage.
Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'
Mercedes non-executive chairman believes Rosberg will hit back.
AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career.
McCoy will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas.
Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February.
He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4, about the same time he filed for divorce from his wife.
The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012.
Scott Quigg offered £1.5m to Carl Frampton for a British super-fight.
Eddie Hearn made the offer live on television on Tuesday.
Frampton has called on the Matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer.
Ben Parson, 34, stopped to propose to his girlfriend, Anna Jefferson, 36.
He had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2-mile Brighton marathon.
She was watching her boyfriend run with their children Nancy, 3, and Thomas, 11 months.
Ben then got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes.
Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events.
The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call.
In the letter, the 33-year-old asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake.
Michael Slager can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances'
It came as evidence against Slager continues to mount, the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a Taser into a black man's back.
The video shows Slager weighing in on an arrest in progress, announcing that he's going to Tase Julius Garnett Wilson, who is laying on the floor, then discharging his weapon.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper.
He hopes to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer.
Mr Sim is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
The Gunners moved four points clear at the top of the table.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder has agreed a deal worth more than £100,000 per week.
Henderson's current terms had 12 months to run but leaving was never an option.
Liverpool have been in negotiations with Henderson's advisers since the start of the season.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his car on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have since revealed.
The green jackets announced a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year's tournament.
The winner’s share of the $10million pot worked out at £1.23m in our currency.
Anyone who made the cut was guaranteed £17,000.
Lisa Colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on March 19 and never regained consciousness.
Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Edwards went on to tell her how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest.
He was due to take an intrepid jungle hike, naturally he slept through his alarm and missed the whole thing.
The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa on Reddit.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends.
Louise Redknapp says it's a welcome relief from the skinny jean.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter during Chelsea's 1-0 victory at Loftus Road on Sunday.
QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved.
They have also appealed to witnesses to come forward.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Manchester United.
United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues.
Researchers in Massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills.
Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested.
Mrs Clinton said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there.
There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’
The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News.
Simon Mignolet has returned from international duty with Belgium.
The 27-year-old was in the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel.
He posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official Facebook account on Wednesday.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches)
Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
Post Office asked accountants Second Sight to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012.
Complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting.
Some were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video on YouTube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand.
The video has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities.
Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack.
Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria.
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot just days before President Obama visited Utah earlier this month.
The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites.
Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case’s handle free from the lock.
Newcastle are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention.
Newcastle boss John Carver has challenged his players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders.
The Prime Minister accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain.
He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll.
But insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'
Electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016.
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs.
But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown.
Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
He also claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support.
Comes after Cameron, Miliband and Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League.
Ronald Koeman believes his side must win all their remaining games.
The Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
Angela Linton was banned from her son's school after abusing staff.
The 47-year-old abused Thomas O'Brien after a row about a school outing.
Linton, from Handsworth in Birmingham, has been given a community order.
Gina Maria Schumacher was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday.
The 17-year-old was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the 'First Go-Round 2nd Section'
Her impressive performance comes just days after her brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash.
He made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at Oschersleben circuit in Germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, noticed a vague ache in his abdomen last year.
He went to the GP, who sent him for an ultrasound.
This revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result of his low fluid intake.
A CT scan showed that the stones were so large they could not be passed naturally, and he needed surgery.
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign.
Shows off toned midriff in cut-out swimwear.
Says her perfect summer is'sun, tan and chilling'
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent.
During her senior year of high school, Hill made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University while raising more than $1.5 million for others with her condition.
Hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $2.2 million for treatment and research.
A man has died after being crushed by a garbage truck in Footscray.
Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene.
WorkCover are investigating the incident, police said.
Jay Kantaria, 38, from Harrow, north-west London, had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks.
But a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to Mr Kantaria's intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station.
Mr Kantaria had'recently' left his senior position at Baring Asset Management to start a career in property development.
William Hilton Paul, 22, was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, in Lexington, Kentucky.
Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck.
Paul, a senior at the University of Kentucky majoring in communications, has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test Britain’s defences.
Destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels.
Just a few hours later, two bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged British airspace.
Passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin.
They used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source.
Passenger Pamela Sullins snapped photos showing firefighters in the aisle.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February.
The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
When Ukip leader Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, the audience only booed him further.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan forward.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
The claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command.
Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk.
But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse.
Lindy Klim, Amanda Bisk, Juliette Burnett, Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp were models at We Are Handsome Activewear show in Sydney.
Models included ballerinas and sprinters, while Samantha Harris also made an appearance.
The brand emphasised strong fitness-focused women above traditional runway models.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil.
She had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon.
Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
A Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy'
The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
The 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia when he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top.
But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
He was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence.
Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday.
When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her.
Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story.
Both videos show Johnson throwing Keith to the concrete ground of the parking lot, and she passes out
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds after a fire at an industrial unit.
Water used by firefighters to dampen the flames mixed with detergent.
This then turned into a six foot wall of foam when it drained into the canal.
Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Wasps are set to appeal Nathan Hughes' three-week ban for striking George North.
Hughes was given the suspension after being found guilty of striking North in the 52-30 Aviva Premiership defeat at Franklin's Gardens on March 27.
Pictures show cat playing with mouse on roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset.
It is an age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea in the 35th minute.
Dominic Solanke added a second late on to put a gloss on the scoreline.
Substitute Kean Bryan pulled up injured after 36 minutes.
Louis van Gaal has been given the green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target after a supporter handed him a list of potential targets at a club fan day.
Moshin Tanveer, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, gave the Dutchman the list at the Manchester Foundation Dream Day on Monday.
Van Gaal read out the names of Mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez, before thanking the supporter for his advice.
The supporter also posed with David de Gea as part of a day organised by
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their third daughter during a stillbirth in 2012.
Their third daughter Rana died either 'during or shortly after birth'
Coroner James McDougall said that the midwife failed to adequately prepare for the baby's birth, allowed the delivery to take place in 'unsafe conditions', and that her failure to provide proper medical assistance may have caused the death of the Goeztinger's baby.
The couple, who live on a farm in Kanungra in south-east Queensland, have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's inquest.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day.
Lauren Crawley, 54, from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, had a benign brain tumour.
Surgery for the tumour damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it.
The nerve controls the muscle that makes the eye blink shut.
Oscar collided with David Ospina in the 16th minute at the Emirates Stadium.
The Chelsea midfielder was sent to hospital at half time for checks.
Jose Mourinho said the Brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'
Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho had told them the decision was taken because of concussion concerns over the latter.
Lexy Wood, 13, disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama.
She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' during the film.
The mother, Kyesha Smith Wood, confronted the teenager outside the theater and told her that her husband had just been laid off.
Mrs Wood, 36, reached out on social media to find the woman and apologize to her for her daughter's behavior and pay for her next trip out of her children's allowance.
Wood insists the'real hero' in the situation is Boyd, who she calls a '
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless.
The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'
The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday.
Aboriginal actress Patricia Morton-Thomas, who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight, was also confused about how women 'dancing ceremonially can be offensive'
Tareq Kamleh featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend.
He urged foreign medics to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims.
Despite his public support for ISIS, he is still registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him.
The Medical Board can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
The UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion.
Dr Chris Van Tulleken warns we should think less about convenience and more about the effectiveness of medicines.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli.
The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama.
Her family reported her missing the following January.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as ‘Churchill’s Toyshop’, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill.
He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
But some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Carrington.
The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools.
All four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the U.S. from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop.
His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt against Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday.
Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional and poses a tough challenge for Lee.
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping.
He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'
Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide.
Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude' which was then refined into diesel.
Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right.
Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education Dr Johanna Wanka.
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago.
Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm in West Hougham.
Calcium formations on ‘Altamura Man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic.
Serbian captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Stamford Bridge.
PSG are set to make a £7million bid for Ivanovic's Chelsea team-mate Petr Cech.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday.
Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains.
They found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan'
Detective Patrick Cherry has been assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
The NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident in West Village.
Detective Cherry was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the Uber driver honked his horn.
He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills.
Liz Clark left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels.
The 34-year-old has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat, travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree.
Duke's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for 'committing this act of intimidation' would be held accountable.
Students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated.
Jenny Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda.
Wallenda survived the invasion of Berlin by Soviet forces at the end of World War II and returned to the United States in 1947 to perform with her family.
Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid.
They are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours.
The Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous.
New ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54% want Nicola Sturgeon out of government.
59% want SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country, poll reveals.
SNP has ruled out formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet.
But they have left open possibility of SNP supporting Labour government.
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne.
Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of William.
William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Welbeck admits he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role at the Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row.
London Mayor launched personal assault on his rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show.
But Miliband ended up laughing off the attack, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that'
Comes after Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' over SNP deal.
Raheem Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe.
The 20-year-old recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield.
Sterling has 14 caps for England and could leave the club this summer.
Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks.
Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin - and both she and doctors feared he would not survive.
In the weeks and months that followed, he underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions.
Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV)
If untreated, it can lead to fertility problems and increased risk of contracting STIs such as gonorrh
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission.
National Secretary of the Transport Workers' Union, Tony Sheldon, accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours.
During the day the trees flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees.
The flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen - but now they use their'male anthers' to spread their pollen.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce.
It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married.
Curtis Stone is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
Half of the 6,000-metre-long dragon-themed kite took to the sky in Chongqing last Saturday.
The kite, dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head', weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to fly it.
However, Chinese aviation authorities ruled the kite could not be flown, and the team were forced to fly only half of it.
Emmanuel Adebayor could leave Tottenham on a free transfer in the summer.
Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker.
However, it may prove difficult to find a buyer for the 31-year-old.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final.
Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal.
Barcelona forward says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead.
An Israeli geologist claims he has ‘confirmed’ the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to Jesus and his son in Jerusalem.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed ‘Jesus Family tomb’ in the city’s East Talpiot neighbourhood.
The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the Conservatives are re-elected.
He said: 'Off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused both at a management level and in the hiring of agency staff'
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week.
The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
United are looking to add two strikers this summer.
Burnley's Danny Ings remains an option, as reported by Sportsmail.
The 50-page divorce papers of Charlie Chaplin and his second wife Lita Grey were found in a bank in America.
In the papers it was alleged that Chaplin slept with the 'virtuous and inexperienced' 16-year-old when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her.
The papers also contain an order stopping Chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was travelling in a three-car convoy in March.
At first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through.
However, he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted naming a new leader.
He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening day of the season.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches remaining.
The Blues host QPR in the Premier League on Sunday.
Applicants must meet strict criteria including measuring 5ft 6in and 25½in waist.
Also need to be able to do yoga moves including the side crow and lotus.
Advert, for Austrian water brand Vöslauer, will star Miss Miller.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200.
He spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers.
The 31-year-old also spent £1,134 on taxis and bought expensive gadgets.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini.
Uruguayan was condemned by world football but completed £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side.
Suarez's wife Sofia has revealed that the Barcelona star told her he didn't bite the Italian during the World Cup in Brazil.
Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma.
He was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan.
The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, broke his neck.
Mrs Stanwick said: 'He is my rock, my hero and most of all the man I adore'
Alan Greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer.
The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the 'Illuminati'
Burnley Crown Court heard almost 700 of the images were in the most serious category.
There were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
McGregor insists Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does.
Phillip and Gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for £325,000.
The builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house from the winter elements.
As a result, they ran off with £17,000 of their money.
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday.
Nathan has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday.
Premier League champions Manchester City had hoped to tie up a deal after first spotting the player at the World Under 17 Championships two years ago.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko.
Pochettino has admitted his scouts are working behind the scenes.
The Spurs boss is also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas.
Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village.
The University of Michigan canceled an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus.
The school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression’
That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was ‘a mistake’ to call off the screening.
'The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location,
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd.
They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours.
Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for Championship award.
Bournemouth's Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin also in second tier's top 10.
League One's Dele Alli finished second behind League One's Joe Garner.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham.
Young played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over his former club Aston Villa on Sunday.
United are third in the Premier League on 62 points.
The ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered, including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear.
The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged.
Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Until now, the mother of his two children, Kristy Peckham has been in hiding.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron’s pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes.
But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3.
The pair pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday.
They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin.
Bacteria such as E.coli and MRSA can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft and there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
Robert Knowles, 68, first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959.
The pensioner has broken the law so many times prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record, which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences.
It is believed Knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime.
Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor (Saturday 5.30pm)
Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month injury lay-off.
Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on long-term absentee list.
Part of the 'Wing' - the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix - was affected by the winds on Sunday and Monday.
Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected by recent damage.
Hundreds gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher.
Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt.
The ceremony ended with mourners releasing hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as the song 'Home' by Edward Sharpe and The Magnetic Zeros played.
The Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of the airline's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco.
The airline consulted with mindfulness expert Mark Coleman, also the Founder of the Mindfulness Institute, to develop the recommended practices.
Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn home.
But he didn't come back and his body was found floating in a creek.
His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language.
Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip.
Researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
The Jenny Packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion, with some on Twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her.
Over the last few years, wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more.
Bungling anglers from Jaywick, Essex, had to be rescued by RNLI.
They used scraps of insulation board, polystyrene and silicone glue to build the boat.
The 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish.
But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off shore.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete.
She was found dead in a garden in north London in September 2014.
The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton.
Clare Verrall, 31, was walking her dog near her home in Prahran, in Melbourne, when a man jumped out from behind some bins.
He attacked her and she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe.
She kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled.
Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect, who has a distinctive neck tattoo.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana could have been the fabled yeti.
Zana lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be 'half human, half ape'
Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, clashed as they drove away.
Mr Bretti said rival chased him along busy road in Swindon.
He then cut him off at junction and blocked him with his van, court heard.
Then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through driver's window.
Incident took place on July 22 last year when temperatures reached 25 degrees.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time.
Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval.
Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side.
Signatories said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'
Ms Malone, one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter, this morning claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
She said she had sold her business to cosmetics giant Estee Lauder in 2006, but had'started all over again' by setting up a new business three years ago.
Obama said the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack.
But acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports.
Officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
The FBI did not say whether this was a new threat.
Sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to mark its screening of Sherlock.
It took over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg.
Usain Bolt will compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas on May 2 and 3.
Six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete as part of the Jamaican team.
Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make the country proud'
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year.
Broad took three wickets for 19 as England bowled West Indies out for 299.
Captain Alastair Cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps.
AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle, his last-ever ride.
McCoy, the iron-man of jump racing, shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand at Sandown Park.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good manager in the Premier League.
Klopp has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
Users of Find Boston Bombers took to Reddit in their millions in 2013.
Claimed they were responsible for Boston Marathon bombings, which killed two women and a young boy.
But in days after attack, they hurled false accusations at spectators wearing backpacks.
Their claims even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber.
Now, moderator of subreddit, Chris Ryves, has told of his regrets about thread in documentary.
Ryves explains how Redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects' identities on his thread.
The couple were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in Houston.
During the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over.
Houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded Monday.
But no charges have been filed against him.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001.
The 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties.
Naked Treaties sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores in Byron Bay.
All the ingredients in her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action.
Footage shows tabby producing gurgling noises as she is petted.
When her back is rubbed, she lets out string of gobbledygook sounds.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers.
The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area.
Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing.
By the time his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
Nash left the house without his wallet, ID card or the keys to his truck.
The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple's son had a chance to say goodbye.
The 69-year-old said: 'It was such a shock, one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment I am watching her struggling to breathe'
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
Pacquiao says he wants to give back to his countrymen.
The Filipino star says he is not a materialist and wants to entertain the crowd.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex.
She moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down gap.
Grandmother-of-four now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg.
Was left in a'splits' position as only one of her legs went down the hole.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on January 5.
The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September.
Her parents found out on Christmas Eve that their daughter could have cancer.
They spent Christmas at the family's Windorah home in central west Queensland with a dark cloud hanging over their head.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website.
Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night.
The bulk of them are located in the capital of Havana.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire.
He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money.
The man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, then fled.
A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in the makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and the infamous lip suction cup.
Labour leader confessed he cried when he and wife Justine watched Pride.
Said: 'Pride is about the lesbian and gay community in London who go and help the miners in Wales and Justine and I watched it recently. I blubbed'
Said as a 12-year-old he had a ‘big passion’ for the 1983 video game Manic Miner.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat when he sees Ukip leader.
He says he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill.
Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says it's possible to have reaction to politician.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg had their say on Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Rosberg claimed Hamilton had been'selfish' by slowing down.
Hamilton said he was running his own race and conserving his tyres as best suited.
But Rosberg said his team-mate had been ‘selfish’
Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations.
The British driver declared the talks 'positive' and cleared both drivers of wrongdoing.
It was alleged Sunday that chef Bobby Flay has been having an affair with his assistant Eliyse Tirrell and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to Stephanie March.
Page Six claimed Flay, 50, has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that according to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014.
March is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of their marriage that means Flay only has to pay her $5,000 a month in alimony.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze enjoyed a double date on Sunday night.
The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital.
They were joined by Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel.
Terror group publishes gruesome list of punishments for those guilty of'spying for the interests of the disbelievers'
'Death' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam.
Homosexuality also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver'
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy.
Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
The winner returns to the World Group and can compete for the Fed Cup trophy next year.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases.
The 42-year-old wore a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in December last year.
The model is said to have carried out a similar attack on another woman in the same nightclub last April.
Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
Today marks the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in Loch Ness.
Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images.
The site has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan.
Mahonia contains high levels of alkaloids, berberine and hydrastine.
These are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb.
The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes.
She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye.
Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using
Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in their Allsvenskan opener on Saturday.
Henrik Larsson was forced to play Daniel Andersson in goal.
Former Celtic and Barcelona striker Andersson kept a clean sheet.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero insists City can retain the Premier League title.
Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday.
Aguero has scored six times against United this season.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests, researchers claim.
Research by Northwestern University in the US found children who shared iPads significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no iPads or in which each student had their own device.
Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users.
Liz Norden's adult sons JP and Paul each lost their right leg.
They were hit by explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings in April 2013.
The men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from second blast.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull.
He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour.
Tories today revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate.
A union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of Colorado theater shooter James Holmes.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20.
Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge.
She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile.
Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead.
'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill.
Erakat's most volatile reaction comes when he offers to pay for a man's parking meter, showing him his cardboard sign.
Celtic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-0 win over Partick Thistle at Parkhead.
Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
James Craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a 'last man' foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong.
Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet.
He begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner.
Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Panicking, the man attempts to come to a stop, but the heavy snow continues to push him down the mountain.
A racegoer filmed deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor.
The 63-year-old man was left unsteady on his feet and swaying.
Racegoer then barges into the man and knocks him onto the road.
He was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face.
Chelsea face Manchester City in the FA Youth Cup final on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to his next generation.
John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea.
The Chelsea boss wants to bring in a number of young players next season.
Mourinho said he cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said.
The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste and her son Timothy.
Police went inside and found the woman and children dead.
Her husband was taken into custody without incident, and police weren't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Turkish football team captain Arda Turan allowed to use tannoy to congratulate team-mates.
Turan had gone to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over PA system.
Turkish aviation officials said the move was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday.
'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down,' close supporter Ben Quilty told Radio 2GB.
The execution will likely take place in 'Death Valley' - a clearing on Nusakambagan.
There, they will be given the option to be blindfolded.
Nigerian Muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees began to sink.
One of the Muslims ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah'
When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned.
The tragic news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week.
Former Made In Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg.
Trevor, 16, attended the boys' funeral at St. James the Apostle Catholic Church in a wheelchair on Wednesday.
As many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys, who would've celebrated their birthdays this week.
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage.
She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday, climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes at Craven Cottage.
Jermaine Pennant levelled for Wigan with a stunning free-kick from 25 yards.
Matt Smith scored Fulham's second goal to restore their lead.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder.
Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford.
Manchester United are willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus to free up wages for another striker.
Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Red Devils.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
The result sparked a string of viral images on Twitter.
Dani Alves looks set to leave Barcelona this summer.
The Brazilian right-back has rejected the club's final contract offer.
Alves has enjoyed seven successful years at Barcelona, winning four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice.
But the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the Catalan club.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines against Porto on Tuesday night.
Ribery missed the game after failing to recover from an ankle injury.
Benatia faces another two weeks out with a groin problem while Robben was unavailable for the encounter with an abdominal injury.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters.
The 85-year-old defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters.
Thibaut Courtois says he still wants to win the Premier League.
The Chelsea goalkeeper helped them win the Capital One Cup earlier this season.
Courtois joined Chelsea in 2011 after three seasons at Atletico Madrid.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the Eat Your Greens venue.
The venue is 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region.
These same guests were now 275km and three hours' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women.
He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data.
Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ‘a disgrace to the police service’
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera.
He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours.
The 26-year-old cut the final footage down to four minutes.
Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly in Eype, Dorset, last week.
The Border Terrier chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff and fell.
She survived a vertical drop of 100ft then 150ft down a steep slope.
Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop, but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her.
A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her.
The man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office.
He could have access to names and address of all military personnel.
It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, it has been revealed.
The father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join IS in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire.
They had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights.
The animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water.
Darren Wheatcroft pleaded guilty to attempting to arrange a fight between illegal dogs and his son, Callan, and farmer Simon Whitworth pleaded guilty.
All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay a total of £40,000 to the RSPCA.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon.
Serbian referee Milorad Mazic failed to punish Sergio Ramos for an elbow on Mario Mandzukic.
Miranda said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup.
The Argentine was mobbed by Sarries team-mates after his kick sailed over the posts for the win.
It was the South American’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks, latest of which was on Saturday.
One teenager has told Greater Manchester Police he was beaten up by the gang.
He thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on the internet in Atherton.
But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport, Greater Manchester, in the 1930s.
They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were turned into an air raid shelter after the Second World War.
A total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter, which was made up of a network of interconnecting passages.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January.
He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool.
Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby looking dapper' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse.
The three couples arrived ahead of the 1.40pm first, the One Magnificent City Manifesto Novices' Chase.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener.
The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City.
Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in six years.
Portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano.
Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head.
Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona.
Anthony Horowitz said books by Walliams are ‘witty and entertaining’ but nowhere near ambitious enough.
The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny for criticism, as well as the Diary Of A Wimpy Kid books by author Jeff Kinney.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS)
In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good.
Wigan Warriors beat Warrington Warriors 30-20 in the Super League derby.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song.
The 27-year-old Wales forward was sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October.
A virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the Midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in Iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens.
Poultry producers and scientists had been hoping warmer weather would knock down the deadly bird flu virus.
But the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird virus had been found at a farm.
Up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country.
Seven other Midwestern states have
Melbourne radio broadcaster John Burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli.
Mr Burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also didn't recall the comment being made.
The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns and said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation.
A Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction will take place in Geneva on May 13.
It will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels.
The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-Corsage brooch.
Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where vegetables are being grown as toilets.
They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain.
Jack Butland voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year.
The Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984.
Kane has declared that he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer.
Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, posted photo on Twitter.
But next day, only Mr Barkat and Mr West were pictured in photo.
In altered photo, Kim's face and body were obscured by $692 bill.
And in another photo, she was reportedly blurred out by a copy of bill.
More than 100,000 people on the coast of the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan.
The new study highlights the areas in Washington, Oregon and California that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground.
Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence'
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match.
Bayern boss joked after the match: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match'
Donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)
It can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring.
With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1 – a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years.
Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season as they slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the Champions League places.
Per Mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.
The German thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality and it has helped Arsenal since.
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with cancer in 2010.
Mother-of-three, who uses wheelchair to get around, had not spoken for weeks.
But one day recently, she uttered a single word: 'Florida'
Now, devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be final holiday.
They leave for Sarasota, south-west Florida, today, along with daughters Gretchen, 11, and Carlie, 12, who are staying at home.
A global maker of cash registers has been using the same default password on the payment devices for more than two decades.
This potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach.
Researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday during the annual RSA security conference in California.
Pippa, 31, looked as chic as ever in tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer.
Accessorised look with black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected.
Scientists have included protection against H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket.
The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere.
High-risk groups will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Three players have already been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease.
Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Rep. Renee Ellmers, 51, beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November.
Aiken, who is openly gay, also dove deep into his love life, telling Stern that he's 'not as much of a whore as people would like to think'
The USS Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Altogether, 429 sailors and Marines onboard were killed.
Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after.
Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii.
In 1950, they were reburied at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu.
The move is apparently a part of a new Pentagon policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register.
Former Arsenal and England defender has joined forces with David Harewood and Tinie Tempah.
Campbell ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington after Sir Malcolm Rifkind announced he would be standing down.
The 40-year-old retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth, in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years.
Wants Duchess of Cambridge to 'change her hair for once' - suggesting she opt for a bob style.
Miss Bredo is now single after splitting from her boyfriend.
Dozens of protesters were arrested on Thursday at the Mauna Kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu.
A Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction of the telescope.
Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa, who is native Hawaiian, attended protests and posted pictures of himself thrusting his staff into the direction of current telescopes.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey.
The 36-year-old fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather.
Floyd Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300million fight.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space.
The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations.
Lunar Flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that, once broken down into their component molecules, could be used in future exploration.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault.
The 20-year-old told police she flagged down Mansouri's car believing he was a taxi driver.
But instead of taking her to a nightclub with her university friends, it is alleged he drove off without them and took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her.
MailOnline looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities.
At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room for the duration of their stay.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute.
Darren Bent added a second in the 81st minute to put the visitors 2-0 up.
Steve McClaren's side are now eight points adrift of the drop zone.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday where the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company.
Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia, capturing moments where men and women are alone.
Harold Ekeh, 18, moved from Nigeria to Long Island 10 years ago.
Has been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools, including Yale.
Says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Raikkonen is yet to sign a new contract at Ferrari with Mercedes.
Mercedes team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high.
Anderson Silva will compete for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The 40-year-old said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career.
Dele Alli has impressed for MK Dons this season.
The 19-year-old was signed by Tottenham Hotspur for £5m in January.
Alli has been named Football League Young Player of the Year.
He has also impressed for England Under 20s at the Toulon Tournament.
Lionel Messi was left out of both of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot problem.
Barcelona star faces tests on Thursday to decide if he can play on Saturday.
ESPN have claimed that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month.
Geoff Whitington, 63, was made sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes.
He had been told he may need a leg amputated.
His sons Anthony and Ian have helped him shed six stone.
Tottenham Hotspur host Burnley at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention for clash.
Midfielder Matt Taylor is also nearing a return after recovering from achilles surgery.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's clash with the Clarets due to a knee injury.
Danny Rose will be assessed after returning from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong on April 1.
It took firefighters 90 minutes to extinguish blazes at the altar and storage room.
The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell.
Police are yet to determine the exact cause of the fire which is being treated as suspicious.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset.
Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image.
Ian Wright has been confirmed as the man who will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday.
Sandown initially tried to secure Thierry Henry to be the Arsenal celebrity to hand over the trophy to McCoy.
But his Sky employers vetoed the move.
Emma Watson, 25, is celebrating her 25th birthday today.
She stars in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a UN Ambassador role.
Here, FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho first worked together at Barcelona in 1997.
Neville believes Mourinho will be proud of his friend's achievements.
Manchester United have in-form midfielder Marouane Fellaini available.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school.
Instead she stayed at home and helped to take care of her eight younger siblings.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than the Premier League.
Argentine striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since leaving England for Juventus in 2013.
Tevez has scored 25 times for the Old Lady this season.
Havana cob Cody was trapped in a ditch in Belvedere, south London.
He went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off.
His owner, Tracey Hannant, said her horse looked like Black Beauty.
Dane Bouris appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty.
The 33-year-old was a contender for 2013's Cleo Bachelor of the Year.
He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22.
Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen.
The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man got out of the passenger seat.
After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the BMW.
Ali was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving at Birmingham Crown Court.
Bonnie Doll is a Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll.
The 28-year-old has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch.
Her normal work hours are 8am to 2pm (Brisbane time), Monday to Friday. As for consoles, Bonnie mostly uses Xbox 1 and Xbox 360.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleaded not guilty to the charges Friday in a Columbus.
Federal court.
Mohamud had been instructed by a Muslim cleric to return to the United.
States and carry out an act of terrorism, a federal indictment.
said.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19.
He was able to start firing it as soon as he left, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed and then immediately notified authorities.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth.
Mr Wittstock posted pictures from the air with the caption 'Guess where I am?'
The young father left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine first season at Arsenal.
The 20-year-old signed from Southampton in July for £16million.
Chambers has already made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands.
But his team banned national media journalists from the event.
Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon.
She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
Her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Joan Cheever, the founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen.
She has been using her personal pickup truck as a delivery truck because it is more compact.
On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck.
After writing out the citation, the officers allowed Cheever and her volunteers to continue distributing the meals.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to call free numbers.
The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by Ofcom.
Some people who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the cost.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and said;'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born'
He then said; 'I'll take anyone. Old or young, dad or mom, black, white, purple. I don't care. And I would be really appreciative. The best I could be'
The country is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday.
There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa, an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet.
You too could join this group if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test.
Mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high IQ.
Adam Kirby became the youngest person ever to join Mensa in June 2013 at the age of just two and a half.
Survey by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary.
49% think Camilla should take traditional title of wife of reigning king.
35% believe she should be given lesser title out of respect to Diana.
Aides have always insisted Camilla does not want to be known as Queen.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness.
Mother-of-two is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
The condition is so severe that Mrs Whitear can't spot her own reflection.
James Rodriguez is set to return to Real Madrid action on Sunday.
Rodriguez broke his foot in February after two months on the sidelines.
Carlo Ancelotti says Rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine and he will start'
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range.
The Korean tech giant has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts.
But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013.
Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon.
He managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture despite being in handcuffs.
Judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus.
The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing.
Lichtsteiners believes Coman has all the attributes to be a'very good striker'
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside McDonald's.
He then places a diamond ring on her finger as they embrace by the food counter.
The couple then engage in a passionate embrace after she said 'yes'
The video was shot in an undisclosed city in the US.
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced Friday following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney.
Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012.
Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict.
Davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for Black Mass, which showed Johnny Depp for the first time as Whitey Bulger.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked.
The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27.
Hull boss Steve Bruce revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will be married in his hometown Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday April 11.
The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open.
They got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.
Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer.
The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with just three games left in the season.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the Bike Washing Machine.
When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer.
A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use.
The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Poland’s Lake District)
The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Abou Diaby's Arsenal contract expires at the end of the season.
The midfielder has suffered 42 injuries since joining the Gunners in 2006.
Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art facilities at their London Colney HQ.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says.
Mr Stunz's interest in penis modifications were piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great'
He moved on to saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' was built in the first century A.D. in Madain Saleh in the north of the Arabian peninsula.
It is the largest of 131 tombs carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh during the pinnacle of Nabatean era.
Despite its misleading name, the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked elderly man to his home in Horwich, near Bolton.
His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on Facebook.
The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people.
It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere.
Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies.
All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor.
Pentagon's astonishing estimate for the lifetime cost an F-35 is up almost $120billion from about year ago.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province, central China, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water.
But when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire.
Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station.
Local officials have now launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Ilkay Gundogan.
The midfielder has emerged as the club's primary target.
Louis van Gaal believes Gundogan is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London (UCL) made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads.
They worked together to build a model for 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial - and say early treatment is key to staving off AIDS.
Current World Health Organisation guidelines recommend only beginning HIV treatment when the number of T-cells in the bloodstream falls below a certain level.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9.
The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of sexual adventurism'
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button.
The app was designed by researchers at Boston-based MIT.
Each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers, and each call is placed with the phone's GPS location.
If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call.
This is a feature built
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
Claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few'
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has warned scrapping non-dom status would cost UK money.
He said in January: 'I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country'
Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English.
The controversial remarks come after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back.
Ukip has fallen behind the Tories and Labour in a poll of 10 target constituencies.
Train was stalled underneath East River around 8.30am Monday morning.
Passengers evacuated from cars and taken to Grand Central Station in Manhattan.
Train's conductor saw smoke coming from the track's third rail.
The train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train and left around 10am.
Ravel Morrison has posted a picture of himself in his new Lazio bathrobe.
The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham.
Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
The son of the late Attorney General Robert Kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
Such wisdom is widespread in Guangzhou, where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages.
SNL writers joked that CNN's animations look like they belong in 1985.
It was seemingly inspired by a much-derided, clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door.
For its next story, CNN had no footage of the Iran nuclear animations, so went with Muppets-style puppets.
Bab al-Aziziya was once a fortress-like seat of the Gaddafi regime.
It was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago.
Gaddafi lived behind fortified walls with his wife, their children, close advisers and guards.
The compound boasted a zoo, an indoor pool, countless murals and a fairground in its gardens.
Lionel Messi was linked with a move away from Barcelona earlier this year.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the Nou Camp.
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator.
A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards.
He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday.
The pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun.
It has been a rollercoaster season for the Red Devils, who have emerged as rivals to Arsenal for second place in the Premier League.
Etan Patz 'is larger than his very little, important life,' Assistant District Attorney Joan Illuzzi-Orbon said in closing arguments at the Manhattan murder trial of Pedro Hernandez.
She asked jurors to convict Hernandez of murder, saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it.
Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades.
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England.
Figures from official Health and Social Care Information Centre.
But actual number could be far greater, experts have warned.
Staff heard baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu.
The baby was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta.
Staff at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet and noticed that she'd stayed there for a long time.
After she came out, she went back to her seat, sitting there without speaking a word.
She was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect.
Chaos broke out this afternoon at an airport in Kathmandu as hundreds of Indian nationals fought to return home to safety following the devastating earthquake.
More than 1,000 passengers joined a 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city.
Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night.
Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday.
The Eagles have been targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris.
But chairman Steve Parish has insisted he will remain involved.
Monaco were held to a goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II.
A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put the visitors in the lead.
Substitute Dimitar Berbatov was brought on to try and change things.
Hadas had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old.
Her mother told her 'horror stories' about women who hadn't been cut.
Now in her early 20s, Hadas has found support from children's charity the NSPCC.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night.
The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing.
He suffered a fatal heart attack during the traffic stop and died two hours later.
His father, pastor Kevin Clark, is planning to sue police for their role.
The 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber.
Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
Chelsea trained at their base in Cobham on Friday ahead of the game.
Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates.
Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury.
Dominic Solanke will be on the substitutes' bench if Costa is not fit.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday.
Ozil missed his kick with the goal gaping right in front of him.
If he's as good as he's purported to be, he kills off Chelsea with his ability on the ball, but he couldn't create the winning goal.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower.
The typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar ridden.
This makes us more susceptible to vitamin and mineral deficiencies.
A passenger was seriously injured after the driver of the Ferrari smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton.
Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
A South Australia Ambulance spokeswoman said the passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome.
The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends.
Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition.
Activists plan to unfurl banner with names of millions opposed to Arctic drilling.
Shell says it has met with groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores and'respect' their views.
Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children.
The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday.
One-year-old Bol and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water.
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
She was discovered at Otago University and started her modelling career.
Has gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of ASOS, Alexander McQueen, H&M, River Island and Urban Outfitters, as well as Vogue and ELLE editorials.
Jacksonville Jaguars have opened a competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com.
The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States.
Last year's draft attracted 45.7million viewers according to figures from the NFL.
Manuel Pellegrini's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny.
Vieira is highly-respected among the City players and his work with the club's youth team has not gone unnoticed too.
The former Arsenal midfielder would be a candidate to take over.
Patti Boyd, 71, married property developer Rod Weston, 61, at Chelsea Registry Office, Chelsea Old Town Hall, in London on Thursday.
She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past.
The remains were removed from the house in the Richmond area of San Francisco on Saturday.
They are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
The home was said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.
Neighbors said the elderly woman had not been seen for years.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths of a swimming pool on Sunday.
The 38-year-old boxer was testing his muscles against the resistance of the water.
It is now less than a month until the mega-fight between Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns.
A prisoner who shared a ride to jail with Freddie Gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van, according to a leaked police report.
The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force.
Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray's death will not be resolved by tomorrow.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk.
She quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest at the Caulfield RSL in Elsternwick, south-east of Melbourne about 8.00pm on Wednesday.
The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the glass entrance door.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 in Evo-Stik Northern Premier.
Club set up in protest at Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United.
They will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in May.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients.
'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips said of her mother who died in the summer of 2012.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season.
The Arsenal defender has played at right back, centre-back and midfield.
Roy Hodgson could field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Dani Alves' Barcelona contract expires in the summer.
Manchester United and Liverpool have been keeping tabs on the Brazilian.
The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three and won a yacht race aged nine.
The book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year.
Subjects include Kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he reached double figures.
The collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker.
It will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29.
The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions.
Owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of license plate '370H55V'
Ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health as she laughed with friends.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse.
It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom.
Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration as a medicine.
Studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger, who had been missing for three days.
After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth.
Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity.
The 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'
She has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger'
The Taxpayers' Alliance has now warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty.
Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn.
Doshay was arrested on Wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline Elementary School in Solana Beach.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley.
Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the club on Friday.
Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos in 1997.
A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships, and didn't understand why she had been targeted.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical'
She said she was 'perfectly happy' with the care provided by Dr Rory Lyons.
Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria.
Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year.
They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around and will open their campaign against Italy in Burgas on May 7.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one after successfully appealing to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)
Dimitri Payet also had his ban reduced after an appeal.
Ibrahimovic was caught on camera swearing as he walked back to the dressing room after PSG's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25C when he got into difficulty.
Witness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend.
It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water.
His body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge just before 11pm on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather Jr will take on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday night.
Mayweather is boxing's undisputed braggart - and a brilliant performer in the ring.
He is scorned as a great vulgarian, a gaudy show-off, boxing’s thug king.
Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 117-106 on Tuesday night.
LeBron James scored 30 points and Kyrie Irving added 26.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99 at the Toyota Center.
Houston Rockets take 2-0 lead over Dallas Mavericks.
For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts.
Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of the Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
The semi-retired teacher said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay.
West Ham have little left to play for as they sit ninth in the Premier League.
The Hammers could qualify for Europe through UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings.
Sam Allardyce insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs.
Italian priest sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard.
The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in fourth place in the Premier League.
Jordan Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league.
The 24-year-old is targeting an immediate response at Blackburn.
Little girl appears to be around six or seven, sitting on a ridge in pink jumper.
She tells a man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish, before firing several rounds into the desert.
However, whether she has actually hit anything is unclear.
The video was posted in January, but has only recently emerged on social networks.
Greece has repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds.
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.
The flooding at Bardwell Park forced the partial closure of the T2 Airport line in Sydney's south.
At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo.
Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre (IATC) has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients and claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them.
The centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' which she no longer suffered from.
A court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl.
Until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her.
Frank Sinatra had a vasectomy so he could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra.
The 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother.
It has never been reported before that Sinatra underwent the medical procedure.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille for £10million this summer.
Origi has scored seven times in Ligue 1 so far this season.
The Belgium striker said the progress of Jordon Ibe at Liverpool has heightened his excitement at joining the club.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week.
But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids.
'Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,' ex-cult member Flora Jessop
Eden Hazard is favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title.
Paul Scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless.
Hazard has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances this season.
Seven-minute video purportedly shows ISIS militants destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud, near Mosul, Iraq.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old.
The attack on the ancient site horrified archaeologists when it was first reported last month, and has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London was learning on the job and found the experience 'exciting yet utterly petrifying'
She started a blog called Upfront Mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months.
She wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that other mothers wouldn't feel as 'clueless' as she did.
One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour.
Jose Mourinho did not rule out a 12,000-mile round trip to Japan.
The move could upset numerous international managers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup third round at Wembley.
Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish scored for the visitors.
Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS.
It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size.
Paper, by researchers at the Riken research institute in Tokyo, was published in Acta Astronautica.
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons.
CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate.
One brave neighbour who confronted the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen.
The Bosnian defender was involved in a brawl with security personnel.
Bosnia-Herzegovina defender injured his knee in the match.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods.
The 33-year-old scored the winner against Real Madrid in the Champions League.
Dossena signed a short-term contract with League One strugglers Leyton Orient.
Thierry Henry said Francis Coquelin was his man of the match in Arsenal's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
The former Arsenal striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo'
Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient, Freiburg and most recently Charlton.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing.
Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire'
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced she was going to run for president.
'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that, 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president'
Dawn Williamson, 39, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking.
She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day.
But ITV1’s This Morning broke down her phobia with their no-nonsense approach.
Dawn was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched across her lap.
Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'
The consultants claim to work with politicians to build ‘leadership skills’
Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look ‘authentic’
'Chris' the interpreter was shot in the leg near his home in Khost, Afghanistan.
His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack.
The 26-year-old says it is one of several attempts made to kill or kidnap him.
At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday.
A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating.
Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow.
There were no greyhound training facilities or other connections to the racing industry in the area.
Donny Ray Williams, who was once a staffer for the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee, slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious.
That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say.
Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime.
The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he
Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
Manchester City were fined £50m last year and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season.
City are debt-free, mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour’s heavy personal investment.
Everton held open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday.
Nearly 4,000 supporters turned out to watch Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free.
John Stones and Aaron Lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session at the club's megastore.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland 'as soon as possible'
But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion hole in Scotland's budget.
Miss Sturgeon struggled again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC, just a day after she refused to rule out a snap second referendum on independence.
Around 15 animals ran away from a farm in Schodack, upstate New York, on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River.
They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of Albany.
Juventus are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of Serie A.
If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club.
Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals.
Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home.
Three-quarters fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house.
This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after seeing the unflattering snaps of him on a Barbados beach.
The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested.
Australia head coach Michael Cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the World Cup.
Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau could be a glorious asset at the showpiece tournament.
Cheika's side will face England and Wales in crunch pool games at the tournament in September.
Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up.
They include leaving conversations about the dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook.
Don't brag about the number of matches you’ve had on Tinder, they won’t appreciate it!
Memphis Depay has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Liverpool and PSV Eindhoven are interested in the 21-year-old.
Ronald de Boer believes Depay is one of the best talents in Europe.
Depay has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success.
Jose Mourinho has revealed he felt like he was British when Andy Murray won Wimbledon two years ago.
The Chelsea manager also described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura.
Mourinho was given a tour of SW19 by former British No 1 Tim Henman.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Klopp has been linked with several English clubs in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal, and has a long-standing interest in working here.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide.
They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced.
Jake Malone, 60, met woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago.
According to her online profile, she lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company.
He decided to pay her a visit - but when he arrived at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years.
The pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months and Mr Malone has spent more than 11,000 Yuan (£1,100), paying for translators to communicate.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department.
A new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy.
Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half.
They will then be relaid to make the surface smoother for cyclists.
Bristol City Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him.
Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student, a teacher said on Thursday.
Designer Abigail Ahern is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible, aptly named Colour.
Her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige, stop procrastinating and be bold with colour.
Victorino Chua accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport.
The 49-year-old wrote 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English.
Said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Carla Suarez Navarro defeated Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne.
The Spaniard will face Germany's Andrea Petkovic in the last four.
Petkovic beat 14th seed Czech Karolina Pliskova in straight sets.
Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression.
The Minister for Investment and Trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&A program, and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia.
His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood.
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts.
Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment.
Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Wesley Sneijder unwittingly launched his knife range in Galatasaray colours on the 15th anniversary of two Leeds United supporters being stabbed to death in Istanbul.
Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg in Taksim Square, Istanbul, on April 5, 2000.
A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video stealing from passenger luggage.
The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft.
Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
There have been 30,621 claims of missing valuables since 2010, with most of these coming from checked luggage.
Toronto’s CN Tower is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World.
Visible from Victoria Peak in Hong Kong, the cluster of skyscrapers provide a remarkable light show at night.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford in April.
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini's sides are in contrasting form.
Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape.
David de Gea edges out Joe Hart for the goalkeeper slot.
Pablo Zabaleta is the best right back either club can boast.
UK Oil & Gas Investments claimed 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath Weald Basin.
Claimed it could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the North Sea and Kuwait.
Firm has now admitted that its estimates were based on findings made in a 55-square-mile stretch of the basin.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian.
Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck.
At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her.
Britain's Got Talent judge is presenting a new series on ITV.
Show will highlight plight of animals arriving at RSPCA centre in Birmingham.
Presenters include Coleen Nolan, Denise Lewis and Kimberly Wyatt.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am'
In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘use the people at home’
The ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders.
Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen.
She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
It was David Shuff, who met Barker years ago when he brought his therapy dog to her retirement home, that finally reunited her with her videos.
Camilla Lawrence, women’s health physiotherapist at Six Physio, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely.
The Duchess of Cambridge, who is due to give birth any day now, was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure, when she had Prince George in 2013.
Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method.
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon.
Todd had seven children, including five girls and two boys.
Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16, but they have not been officially named as of midnight pending the notification of next of kin.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday at Lambourn in Berkshire.
Trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with Coneygree in Newbury’s Hennessy Gold Cup.
Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley.
Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Ashley Cole.
Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006.
The video has since been deleted from Twitter.
Helen Flanagan, 24, stepped out recently in a floral midi dress.
Blake Lively, 27, was the epitome of flowy boho maternity style.
Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her second baby in the next week.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life.
Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey'
Reanne Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion.
The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible.
Evans faces 1997 world champion Ken Doherty in her first qualifier.
Ally McCoist is Rangers record scorer but was axed as manager in December.
The 53-year-old has not been spotted at Ibrox since last month's general meeting.
But Brown insists the club will never turn their back on the man who struck 355 goals in Light Blue - even if his tenure as manager ended in disappointment.
Argentina says it is taking legal action against three British and two US oil firms.
Argentine president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner accused firms of working without permission.
Foreign Office summoned Argentine ambassador to complain about Edward Snowden revelations.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People.
Goldsmiths student union banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting.
Organiser Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women.
Unions later backed down after a backlash from students.
Sheffield Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder.
Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form a three-man sporting director by committee.
Former Hull City and Derby County owner Pearson will advise on business.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born.
Her parents, Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave, feared she was unwell.
They noticed her skin turned a yellowy tinge shortly after birth.
After an unsuccessful attempt to unclog them, a liver transplant was the only option.
James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations.
Lockwood was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.
Per Mertesacker limped off during Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
There were fears of a serious ankle injury for the 6ft 6in German.
But scans have shown it is a minor sprain and he is unlikely to be fit.
Liverpool have scored just 45 Premier League goals this season compared to 84 at the same stage last season.
Only Crystal Palace (Dwight Gayle and Mile Jedinak) and Sunderland (Adam Johnson and Steven Fletcher) have top scorers with fewer goals than Liverpool.
Harry Kane (19), Diego Costa (also 19), a Sergio Aguero (17), even a Charlie Austin (16) have cost them dearly.
Ivan Rakitic earns millions playing for a Barcelona team regarded as one of the greatest in history and spends his time-off relaxing at the beach with his beautiful wife Raquel Mauri.
Former hair stylist accompanied the Instagram picture with the caption: 'Relaxing day with the family,' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons.
Lionel Messi has also taken to Instagram to confirm that he will soon be a father for the second time.
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, on Wednesday.
A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform.
As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people.
Chancellor met Henry the Hoover at a campaign stop in Somerset.
He was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built.
Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out.
The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham.
QPR go to the home of Sherwood's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three.
A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Heather Mack,19, is accused of the murder of her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, in Bali last year.
Sheila's body was found crammed into a suitcase which had been loaded into a taxi with the couple's other luggage at the hotel after they had run out through the beachside exit.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama.
He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
Mr Axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday.
They were driving home from Fast and Furious 7 screening when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence.
He then crashed head-on into their car, leaving six-year-old daughter, Jaylene, orphaned.
Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence, death resulting, and driving to endanger - death resulting.
Couple, who were high school sweethearts
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them.
The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy.
Big Brother winner, 33, from Brighton, won dream £100,000 in 2006.
But troubled star says he squandered prize cash on animal tranquiliser ketamine.
Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood.
The first county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday up and down the country.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier.
Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Javier Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested.
Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress and have considered the likes of Everton's Romelu Lukaku but he would cost £30million-plus.
A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers.
They used jigsaws, grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect.
The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the hit TV show hit television screens.
The Queen's Guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover.
He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box.
Unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera.
Kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in the island where the book's events took place.
It's a large island, about a quarter of the size of Majorca but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the Spanish hotspot.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained the ABC.
Documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales.
The airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day.
It comes as Saudi Arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in Yemen in the hope of forcing the Houthi rebels to allow current president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to return to the country.
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, up 2% from 2013.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged - up by a third.
Experts say rise was partly because victims were'more willing' to come forward.
Supercar salesman Saba Syed sells luxury cars to the super rich.
She says more and more women are coming into the showroom.
A standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000.
Sabi says: 'It just feels great to be that one person who's not the stereotype'
Joseph Koetters, a former English Teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her.
In the lawsuit, unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship, according to the lawsuit.
Marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school.
Koetters pleaded not guilty and could face up to five years in prison if he is convicted.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station.
Their giant cylinder (shown with the ISS and Space Shuttles) could apparently replace the ISS.
It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern are accused of murdering David Alderson.
The 72-year-old was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in Devon.
Police initially thought he fell from his bike because he was dressed in lycra.
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer on Instagram.
The Aston Villa attacker missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury.
Tim Sherwood’s side face a tricky trip to Manchester City on Saturday.
The nine-year-old boy was beaten with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother.
He was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes at his school in Nanjing.
His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will range from 115ft to 164ft.
They will help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford after just four minutes.
Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets' advantage in the second half.
Gary Gardner doubled Forest's advantage with 72 minutes to play.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, receives £39,192 in benefits a year on top of husband Robert, 30.
Pregnant mother-of-11 plans to renew vows in Las Vegas during 'no expense spared' jaunt.
The couple are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for two-week 'no-expense spared' break.
The dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a Melbourne road.
A red ute with P-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection.
Moments later, the ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School, a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city.
The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal.
He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey became close friends during treatment.
Then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams' bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar.
But these were reported for being 'offensive'
Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Michael Essien's Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his Surrey home.
Burglars targeted the property, in Cobham where Chelsea's training ground is based, and made off with the 4x4.
Ghana midfielder Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight on May 2.
Pacquiao posted a picture of himself hanging a weight from his head.
Actor Mark Wahlberg visited the Filipino at training ahead of the bout.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video.
He calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service)
The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
It is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group.
The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures.
From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail.
Rafael Benitez's Napoli beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in the Europa League quarter final.
Benitez is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand.
Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle.
Alejandro Valverde successfully defended his Fleche Wallonne title.
Vallede finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Froome was involved in a crash in the final 12 kilometres but fought on to finish.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The green-eyed moggy was rescued in October after getting an inflamed respiratory tract infection.
When animals are brought in, Rademenes goes up to them and supports them - especially as they rest after surgery.
A shocking'resurrection ceremony' for a two-year-old dead boy at a Texas church has been caught on camera.
In the clip, the boy identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza as others, including a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza, are gathered around.
The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons, according to pastors.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs to do a welfare check
Jack Colback says Newcastle United fans deserve more this season.
The midfielder was one of the only players who put in a shift against Liverpool.
Newcastle lost five on the spin and scored just one goal in eight hours.
Dawn Bainbridge led a 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes.
The 47-year-old took more than £7,000 in online payments in four months.
In a note seized by police, one daughter boasted of making £100 a week.
Bainbridge jailed for 30 months, daughter Claire for 20 months and sister Caitlyn for 16 months.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes.
Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Pama was reportedly ‘beside himself’ as he left Brisbane Magistrate Courts where he was granted conditional bail on Friday.
May Wong's four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe.
She visits 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris.
The pair have been joined on their trips by Miss Wong’s new dog, George.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as Birmingham beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at the Madejski Stadium on Wednesday night.
The Championship side were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against Arsenal, after extra-time, in the last four of the Cup on Saturday.
Adam Federici, whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez's winning goal, was retained against Birmingham.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his job to be a house-husband in San Francisco.
He struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
Flight Centre founder Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year.
The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer.
Mr Harris stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
He is also an investor in Boost Juice bars around Australia and is the former vice-president of AFL club Hawthorn.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer.
A retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time.
Cattan was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness, who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job at Manchester City in the summer.
The Chilean has made the shallowest of footprints in English football.
But the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem.
Vincent Kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons.
Emma Dickson, 31, thought she would be planning her wedding to Dougie, 26.
But she was rushed to hospital and told she had blood clots in her lungs.
The clot then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism.
It left her with bruises on her arms and a fear she was going to die.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified, which can be deadly in humans.
The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from Asia into Europe and Africa in 2005-2006.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond.
Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights.
Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for £18million in 2006.
He has never played a competitive game for England since then.
Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Carrick in 95 per cent of games.
Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not pick Carrick.
On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors.
East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries, while North West England had the smallest.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt.
It was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair.
The number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the NHS has risen five-fold in the last decade as women worry they're not 'normal'
A labiaplasty is a surgical procedure to reduce the size of the labia minora – the flaps of skin either side of the vaginal opening.
Manchester City beat West Ham 4-2 at the Etihad Stadium.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season.
James Collins gave City the lead with an own goal in the 18th minute.
Sofia Vergara is fighting back in the bitter battle with ex Nick Loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in November 2013, six months before they ended their relationship.
The Modern Family star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos'
Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex'
The Weekend Australian carried tributes to 'the face of cricket' on Saturday.
The Age simply had a picture of Benaud standing on a cricket field.
Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964.
Stephen Dodd tweeted picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying.
He added: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Twitter users branded him a 'bigot' and 'disgrace to humanity'
Liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the supporter.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has revealed that he hopes Liverpool fans create a chant for him.
Sterling is hoping to help Liverpool to a crucial Premier League victory against Newcastle United on Monday evening.
Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire are set for trials at Manchester United.
MK Dons Under-18s beat Swindon 5-3 last month.
Wiltshire was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka released 96 red balloons in memory of Liverpool fans who died at Hillsborough.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended, along with a host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher.
An inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and Margaret Aspinall, chair of the Hillsborough Families Support Group, said: 'There is still a job to be done'
Neil MacGregor, 68, said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave the museum.
He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster.
His A History Of The World In 100 Objects series was inspired by the museum's collection.
Efe Obada played just five American football games for the London Warriors last year.
The 22-year-old will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp.
Obada is seen as a defensive end or a tight end and will fly to Texas.
Sophia Adams, 21, won Curvy Kate's annual 'Star in a Bra' competition.
She beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract with Bridge Models.
The trainee police officer will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in their Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence.
But he was today convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year.
Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
Barbara McGrath said St. Joseph Middle School officials informed her that Rose McGrath could return to the Battle Creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week.
The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
Though Rose is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork.
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
When deputies told the two to break it up, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer.
Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including one that was used to fund a housing development in Slovakia.
The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages.
In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant.
Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since 2014.
The 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters par three contest on Wednesday.
Dustin Johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky since 2013 and the pair had a son together in January this year.
Manchester City beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring in the 35th minute but was deemed offside.
Jason Puncheon added a second in the second half to seal victory.
City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea in Premier League.
Pregnant woman left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel.
Her partner dived under the vessel to retrieve an emergency flare.
Alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent, at 3.30pm yesterday.
The mother-of-one is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales.
The West Highland terrier fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under.
Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
He is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans'simply evil' on Saturday morning.
The 61-year-old actor says Scientology is targeted 'because it's not understood'
Told Good Morning America: 'It's been a beautiful thing for me. I've saved lives with it'
Eve Addison, 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic.
She assumed she must have an allergy - and saw her GP.
Tests revealed she was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is painless swellings in neck, armpit or groin.
Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road on Sunday.
The QPR manager then witnessed Cesc Fabregas' late winner.
Ramsey's devastation was shared by the Hoops fans, who saw their side keep their west London rivals at bay.
A Western gray whale has made the longest known migration by any mammal.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, reportedly without stopping for a snack.
Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status.
Quinton ‘Rampage’ Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator.
He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night.
Jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Female agent alleged she was attending a party with Xavier Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her.
After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales, 48, tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement.
Morales had to turn in his gun and badge and had his security clearance suspended after Secret Service internal investigators began a preliminary review.
12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after William's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales.
Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent.
If the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James, with the second favourite name being Alexander.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War.
They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester, welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating VE day.
After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month. Her husband followed two days later aged 94.
Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby.
Chris Noakes added two penalties and two conversions.
Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years.
Images show the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
The dramatic changes are giving an unprecedented look at how young ‘protostars’ develop into fully-fledged stars.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked from the show.
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page.
Now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet.
It comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked for 'unprovoked' attack on a Top Gear producer.
Puno's colourful fiestas, combining Spanish and Inca traditions, often last for days.
The city of 100,000 souls on the shores of Lake Titicaca could leave you breathless.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead.
Police say the parent, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt.
McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day.
The teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor.
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool.
The Cuban had withdrawn ahead of the original date of March 6.
Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city.
Daphne Selfe, 86, models for Vans and & Other Stories with Flo Dron, 22.
Says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist'
Model has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in the ITU World Series on Saturday.
Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run.
He saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built.
Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
University of Hawaii spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said in a telephone interview that the university is saddened about the arrests, but that access to site must be maintained.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic.
Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
Traffic was heavy at that hour because an unrelated wreck about a mile ahead that forced motorists to slow.
Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning.
The 250-piece collaboration attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened.
Now officially sold out by the retailer, pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site shouldn't expect to see the same original low prices.
Three-year-old Siamese Choupette earned £2.18million last year.
That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models.
Lagerfeld said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan.
He said she was 'too sophisticated' to be used to advertise food for other cats.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla.
Some nicknames refer to ancient heritage of the city, some refer to the industry found in the city.
Some refer to a building used by prostitutes - but the nickname dates back to the early 1900s.
Singapura literally translates to 'Lion City' but the reason for the name came about as the founder, Sir Stamford Raffles, supposedly saw a merlion.
British dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas.
The 29-year-old, and her horse Valegro, recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third.
Sofia Abramovich has hit back at people who have criticised her on Instagram.
The 18-year-old revealed she had been bullied about her appearance and weight.
But she said she is going to turn negative comments into a positive for her life.
She said: 'I may have never been perfect in other people's eyes or even my own'
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against.
Fellaini was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to Manchester United at Anfield last month.
The Belgian also said Phil Jagielka is the toughest tackler he has faced.
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles.
They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food.
It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today.
Alastair Cook has failed to score a Test century since May 2013.
The England captain is unbeaten in four Tests and has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors.
Cook's hopes of remaining England captain in the Ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to secure a vital point for the visitors.
Tim Sherwood's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday to spread some Easter cheer for the young patients and their families.
The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital following their training session on Wednesday.
Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children.
Chancellor has avoided calls to rule out further help for top earners.
Instead he says the Conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from £10,000 to £12,500.
He also refused to commit to devoting 2 per cent of the budget to defence.
Abase Hussen admitted taking his daughter Amira to an extremist rally when she was 13.
The teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally organised by Al-Muhajiroun.
Mr Hussen told MPs last month that he could think of 'nothing' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join IS, as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism.
Lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia.
It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
A federal judge has ordered the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to run on its buses anti-Islam ads featuring the phrase 'Killing Jews is Worship'
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment.
He said he was sensitive to the MTA's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people.
Clare Hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures.
One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant.
She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Seven weeks after Noah was born, Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her tumour.
The woman's body was discovered at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire.
A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on police bail.
The woman has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Bayern Munich boss admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi.
Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season.
Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised the player's advisor, Aidy Ward.
Rodgers said Sterling would be inclined to stay at the club if left to decide.
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach.
Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene.
Chelsea face Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban.
Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond the clash with Arsenal and Manchester United.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago.
Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force.
Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire.
Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on property.
He falsely claimed wife Jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive.
But family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around streets.
Doyle admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between 2012 and 2014, plus money laundering and benefit fraud offences.
Amanda Chatel is advocating for 'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country.
'As a victim of date rape, when it comes to consent I strongly feel there is no grey area,' she wrote in an essay for Your Tango.
Chancellor appeared to leave door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of payments worth more than £1,000 per year.
More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
The photograph is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock.
In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen.
Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
James Staring, from Fit to Last, a London-based fitness company, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat.
The 28-year-old Sydney woman was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion.
The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs.
She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago.
The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level some 75 miles (120km) south of Jakarta.
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter.
Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city.
Just hours after the video was filmed, Syrian warplanes killed some 20 fighters.
Jisr al-Shughour was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-Qaeda affiliates Al-Nusra and other groups of Islamist militants.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s on Wednesday.
Mourinho visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior, who is on student terms with the Cottagers.
Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick as Porto progressed to the Champions League semi-final with a 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid.
William Smith was just 16 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother.
Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was then 44 years old.
The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss.
They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap.
William, now 25, says it was love at first sight when he clasped eyes on Marilyn.
Andy Lee faces Peter Quillin at the Barclays Center on Saturday.
Quillin failed to make the required 160lb weight to defend his WBO middleweight title.
The 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten John Jackson in June last year.
William Beggs, 54, is known as the Limbs in the Loch killer.
He raped, murdered and dismembered Barry Wallace, 18, in 1999.
Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in sea.
Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players.
City are also linked with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley.
Dedryck Boyata is City's only academy player near first-team contention.
Boston United beat Tamworth 2-0 in the Conference North on Monday.
Jake Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the Pilgrims on course for a place in the play-offs.
Hall's friend and TOWIE co-star James 'Arg' Argent was also in the crowd.
The biggest myth associated with victim blaming is that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress.
A new campaign from Rape Crisis London has captured hundreds of women across London in various outfits to point out that no matter what they choose to wear they are not asking to be raped.
The initiative aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain.
Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM.
Comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a Labour government.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed.
No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels.
The German automaker resurrected its beloved Beetle in 1997, after various iterations of the model were made for over six decades, between 1938 and 2003.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple is listed on the internet auction site.
It costs $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage.
However, it is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000)
The seller, called ‘theappleipodbay’ calls the watch, which was made by Quartz and released to promote Apple’s Mac Operating system, a ‘rare collector item’
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke have both smashed the 35-goal mark this season.
Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals.
Solanke could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.
Prime Minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair.
He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers.
This is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales.
Spain's glamorous young royal couple, King Felipe and Queen Letizia, come next.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge take fourth spot.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov.
The politician was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the Kremlin.
Dadaev had previously confessed to the killing but retracted it last month.
Human rights activist Andrei Babushkin said he saw signs of torture.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution, before butchering seven backpackers.
Bodies of James Gibson and Deborah Everist, both aged 19, were found in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW in 1992.
Former Detective Paul Gordon tells the program the evidence uncovered is 'unbelievable' and 'incredible'
Milat has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
Ronald Koeman has praised the work of his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for Tottenham Hotspur.
Southampton are just a point and a place worse off than Spurs in sixth.
Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham.
More than 40 years after The Exorcist left cinema audiences green, the Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists.
The tenth edition of the annual course, ‘Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation’ began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
One of the main purposes of the course is help would-be exorcists distinguish demonic possession from psychological or medical conditions.
The Polish man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK, and cannot even recall his own name.
All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua.
Broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 Tests.
The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball.
Memo for members of Congress states UK'may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda'
It also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.
The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content.
Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in Shanghai.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties if Tories win the election.
The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
Mr Cameron will borrow a phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader to declare the ‘dream of a property-owning democracy is alive’
Frederick's of Hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with Victoria's Secret.
The Los Angeles-based lingerie brand has switched to a web-only retail model, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online.
President Barack Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks.
But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office.
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network, an anti-vaccinations lobby group, posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday.
It shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture.
The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over your own choices?'
Social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault.
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room without a proper arrest warrant.
Judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station.
She started ranting at staff, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own because she is a Muslim woman.
Hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Marco Verratti hails Zlatan Ibrahimovic for playing an 'essential' role for PSG.
Ibrahimovic has scored 17 goals for Laurent Blanc's side this season.
Cheryl Silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter to a concert.
The eighth-grader's boyfriend, 20-year-old Army Spc Caleb Barnes, was previously charged with homicide.
Barnes confessed to stabbing Cheryl in the neck multiple times while they were in the car and helped dispose of the body, according to an affidavit of probable cause.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored eight goals in the Champions League this season.
Lionel Messi also has eight in the competition, one fewer than Luiz Adriano.
Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League.
Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding were among those showing their support on social media.
This is the third annual Football Shirt Friday, and it kicked off in April to coincide with Bowel Cancer Awareness Month.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home.
Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case.
They are accused of plotting to wage violent jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The Portland, Oregon-based band, which plays a kind of grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock, applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
The three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit said there was.
evidence the term is offensive to people of Asian descent.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority.
Her comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in the latest polls - with David Cameron's Tories moving to 36 per cent.
Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday, with the job title also scrapped.
Vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
Former Yorkshire batsman admitted he would need to know more about the role before committing.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol, the club's fourth racism-related punishment this season.
The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two home matches behind closed doors.
Last month fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants.
Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m)
This is 150,000 euros more than they picked up last year.
The tournament, held at Roland Garros and beginning on May 24, remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion.
Diesel model Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with.
The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating.
to 1996.
In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored.
that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on Earth Day.
Patient has recently travelled in an area affected by the disease.
They are being assessed in accordance with 'national risk assessment protocol'
Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series.
Travel referral service Zicasso is offering a seven-night luxury tour of southern Spain.
Visitors will spend three nights in the Andalusian capital, Seville, before heading further south.
The city of Alcazar is the setting for the Water Palace of Sunspear in the series.
Former England rugby captain Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the Grand National at Aintree.
The £88,400 prize money is by far the biggest pot he has collected in his 24-race career.
'Pride is the word I would use,' said Michael Scudamore.
Christian Eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in London.
The pair have been together for almost three years and couldn't keep their hands, or lips, off each other as they walked through Soho.
Eriksen started the season in tremendous form, scoring nine Premier League goals as Spurs pushed for a Champions League place.
Caley defeated 10-man Celtic 3-2 in extra time to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Defender David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time.
The 30-year-old admitted it could have gone either way following the match.
Neanderthals inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago but were not alone.
The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there.
It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with animals they co-existed with.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died in Fairdale, Illinois, when tornado struck last week.
She was killed alongside her husband Clem, 84, and also injured her husband, 84.
The photograph was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory.
Widower Clem Schultz was in the house with his wife when the storm struck.
But she was spotted by an electrical worker driving through the countryside.
Robert Dellinger, 54, pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and one count of assault for the fetus' death.
Dellinger drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV.
The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29, instantly.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager.
He referred to Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, as a 'disgrace'
Hundreds of mourners crammed inside the small church today, where Scott's casket, draped in an American flag, was led in, accompanied by his distraught mother.
Hamilton continued to rail against Slager during the service, referring to cell phone video which shows Scott being gunned down as he tried to run
Louis Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships.
Smith won silver and bronze at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Four-time Commonwealth Games champion Claudia Fragapane is in the women's team.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Gerard Pique.
Messi suffered a blow to his foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga with 10 games left.
Three's Feel At Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
Its customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for second time in a week.
The 41-year-old was fired on Wednesday after a poor run.
Owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance'
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border.
He was fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning.
His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death.
The proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral.
Millie Marotta, 36, from Tenby, West Wales, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom.
The black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds and encourages users to 'add your own touches with colours or line drawing'
Invitations to the service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815.
But last night the move was criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Andriy Yarmolenko tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month.
The Dynamo Kiev winger has been watched by Liverpool in recent seasons.
PSG are weighing up options with Manchester United refusing to budge on Angel di Maria.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments'
Comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed.
But he refused to say how he will find the money or how much it will cost.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon.
A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
Douglas Bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg.
He was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough.
Bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky starring Kenneth More.
This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Actor Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962.
It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000.
The car went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph.
The House In The Sea sits on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge.
Interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views offered at every turn.
Morocco was banned from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
The North-African nation was fined $1 million by the CAF.
CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça this week.
Their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life.
They are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric'
Dave King will have to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers.
The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month.
Rangers want SFA clearance for King before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo.
He is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed.
For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront.
On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Dr Teo said he
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time.
The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game.
Arsenal had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis, 31, stole her chicken as a child in Ukraine.
Karo, now living in Los Angeles, claims Kunis was 'envious' of the hen.
She says Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'you have a whole chicken farm'
Karo, whose song Give Me Green Card has more than 70,000 views on YouTube, is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills.
Unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground.
Workman was carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment.
A local resident quickly took snaps of the man.
Building expert said the workman should have had scaffolding.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
Hibernian will play either Inverness or Celtic in the final on May 30.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood is hoping they can cause a shock at Wembley.
Sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe.
The 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, was kicked out of Syria 'with nothing' 30 years ago.
He went into exile after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad.
The former Syrian vice president has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury.
His family's assets, outlined by French customs in May 2014, are valued at around £64million.
The U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.
It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal.
Kevin Pietersen has returned to the LV= County Championship in a bid to stake a claim for an England recall.
Pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for Surrey this season but scored just 19 against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Former MCC president Mike Gatting has signed a giant flag congratulating James Anderson, England's leading Test wicket-taker.
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called 'In Bed With'
The avid Instagrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, liking her beautiful photos of her travels, the places she stays and the food she eats.
She travels the world from Indonesia to the US and Mexico to document great hotels.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon.
The 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone.
She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone.
Cynthia Lennon, 75, died at her home in Spain after a short battle with cancer.
She married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to stardom.
The couple divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship.
Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr have paid tribute to her.
Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea.
The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer.
Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
The father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at University Medical Hospital, had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, the Al Rayyan Stadium.
The 40,000-seater ground features air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans.
Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius.
A mosque, aquatics centre, athletics track, cricket pitch, tennis courts and a hockey pitch are being built nearby.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013.
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London.
At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold and perilously close to death.
He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their Southridge centre in Hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden.
Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today.
The property will open its doors to prospective buyers on Wednesday 22 April before the hammer falls on May 16.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
The 33-year-old opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.
People in these three countries spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep.
Radamel Falcao made his name with Porto, adding to his allure with those darting runs across opposition defences for Atletico Madrid and Monaco during five glorious years in European football.
The Colombian forward has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming in games against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers described the offer as an 'incredible offer'
PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling.
The man scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall.
The man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting: 'I want a car. I've got a ticket'
The escapade will alarm Chinese officials, said to be embarrassed by the incident.
Video posted on social media site Vine shows girl surrounded by fellow festival goers at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest.
She faces up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking, before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game.
Seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose'scissors' as his option, thereby claiming a victory.
The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left completely speechless with relief.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for Barcelona against Celta Vigo.
Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match.
Mathieu praised Gerard Pique for his impressive display against a tough opposition.
Pauline Hanson said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong.
The One Nation leader defended the anti-Islam protests across the country.
She said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'
Anti-racist activists burned an Australian flag in Melbourne while chanting: 'No right in genocide'
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium.
Allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club, but the momentum of his season changed on Boxing Day when he left his best players out of the starting line-up at Chelsea, and lost.
If a new manager is being considered, it is understandable.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup.
The country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile, according to the president of UAERL Sol Mokdad.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school in Witney, Oxfordshire, last June.
Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her.
He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone.
His family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides Kathmandu.
Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across the city, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river.
Hundreds of children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation.
The Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)
The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth.
It will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite.
Andres Iniesta could miss Saturday's La Liga game at home to Valencia.
The Barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain.
Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg.
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn.
They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal.
Neighbours have also reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert.
Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing.
Also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μTug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier.
They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist.
He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived.
Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rio Ferdinand believes that Wayne Rooney is at his best with him in attack.
Ferdinand believes that Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United hitting fifth gear.
He praised Louis van Gaal for moving Rooney further up the pitch after a spell in the centre of the pitch.
Boy, 14, held in Blackburn after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester.
Girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for terrorism.
Both were bailed until May 28, Greater Manchester Police said.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund.
UK singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal, lumping Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets.
But he booked flights to Republic of Ireland instead of Wales - where he thought Cardiff was.
Miss Canham later found out her boyfriend had bought tickets to Dublin.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston.
The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she, and the two cyclists who were accompanying her, missed an unmarked turn.
She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course.
Despite her unscheduled detour, she managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59.
A shocking video has been released showing four tourists they catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand.
Andreas Rasmussen, Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are filmed by Emil Fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark.
As it is legal to fish for sharks in NZ, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures.
James Krainch was 22 months old when he fell out of a second floor window.
His mother Michelle Newman said she heard a 'pop' and looked up to see his heels.
The child had fallen out of the window propped open to let in the breeze.
He died from his injuries on April 20 and Ms Newman visited his grave to mark the ninth anniversary of his death.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, broke her neck when she fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in May 2010.
The quadriplegic bride-to-be can physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low.
So her college friend Laurel Humes offered to be their surrogate.
Rachelle and Chris have built a crib which Rachelle can wheel under, and turned Chris's man cave into a nursery.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship.
On January 26, an officer noticed another sexually explicit ad which they again traced back to Kane, and this time a cop posed as a 14-year-old girl.
Kane has been charged with enticement of a minor to engage in sexual activity and faces up to 20 years in prison.
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 at the Monte Carlo Masters.
The Spaniard is an eight-time champion but hasn't won the tournament since 2012.
Pouille showed glimpses of his talent but was unable to trouble Nadal.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride.
But she didn't realise she would never see him again when she loaned him out.
The family looking after Magic sold him at auction for just £200.
An appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The Blues striker had been placed on standby for the match.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness despite losing the striker after 10 minutes.
Eight people were killed in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club on Saturday night.
Witnesses said three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass.
They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer.
MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.
UK has now met the controversial target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid.
But new EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured.
Paul Childs is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive.
The air steward said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed in 2011.
He said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners with the condition.
Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett is the first Lib Dem candidate to publicly discuss being positive.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube.
The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic this season.
The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium.
Denayer has been tipped to partner Belgium team-mate Vincent Kompany.
Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson.
David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on Zoumana Camara on Friday.
The duo dunked the 36-year-old's face into his birthday cake.
PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday night.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water.
The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10, even if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats.
Ms Sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last week's live TV debate.
Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons.
Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books.
But Grand is still living on the streets, and said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Southern All-Stars in the first minute.
Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half.
Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored in our simulated All-Star game.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City.
The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has been here for eight years.
Heath believes that in ten years the MLS will be world's 'third or fourth biggest league'
Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after leaving Hull.
Kerr spent 17 years in jail for murder of Maureen Comfort in 1996.
North Yorkshire Police have described him as a'very dangerous man'
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago.
Much of it still involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way.
Professor Shigeru Miyagawa, Professor of Linguistics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back to reality'
The 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being'shattered' as a child.
She used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying: 'I will not be ashamed about who I am'
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university.
Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene.
It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85% and ovarian cancer by 50%.
She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year.
But in 2007, the 42-year-old received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer.
Since then, Mrs Hannigan has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in one year.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up following a 162-game suspension.
Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic.
Fans even held up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has underperformed since taking charge of the club last season.
The Reds are yet to win a Premier League title this season.
There are 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky.
That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health.
Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested.
But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
Sickly sweet dessert contains four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream.
It is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25.
Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
NAC Breda lost 2-1 to FC Dordrecht in the Eredivisie on Saturday evening.
NAC manager Robert Maaskant took out his anger on the substitutes bench.
The 46-year-old smashed his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30.
Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.
Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy.
He armed himself with claw hammer and large red handled kitchen knife.
Banged his way into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, on September 1 last year.
After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke who told him he may never be released.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday.
Among the many problems he cited were the costumes that were being used, the way the hair was being styled, and the film's treatment of women.
Sandler and his production company Happy Madison have yet to comment, though Netflix, who is producing the movie, did release a statement.
Joshua Sweet, 20, admitted burglary and sexual assault at Birmingham Crown Court.
Judge Mary Stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by ordeal.
But Sweet, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order.
William Bird took the video on Tuesday with a Go Pro 4 while on holiday.
The 41-year-old said he was 'as close to the action as you could get'
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies.
On Thursday, a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.
The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event.
The couple hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'
The bride's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party.
Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac.
Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word.
The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million.
Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand.
Wonga has been hit by new rules on payday lending, as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters.
Last year, Wonga took a £35million hit from writing off 300,000 personal loans.
Claire, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure.
She has enlisted the help of Susan Hepburn, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7.
Moments before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook saying the teen was on the platform and that 'he was going to end it'
Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle to reveal that he is now homeless.
The 33-year-old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Despite being given £100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography, Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends.
Presenters Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall star in campaign.
Celebrates finding perfect hair shade with Garnier Nutrisse.
Can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache.
Last week Demelza Poldark was barely showing – but she is now eight months pregnant.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see Aidan Turner's dashing Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter.
But unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning, around 8.30am.
Her husband Sabino Matera has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring the mother-of-one home.
The 37-year-old's father has also made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.
Police have confirmed Jessica has returned home and is speaking with officers about her disappearance.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood's side face Arsenal in the final on May 30.
Tom Cleverley has hailed the impact of Tim Sherwood.
Chelsea Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader.
'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman president will help resolve,' said Clinton.
The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’
A tattered copy of the magazine was found by a British soldier in a bombed German house after the war.
Former England captains Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are leading candidates for the role of England cricket director.
The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed.
Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities over 50 sports and 132 fixtures.
PFA announce their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year.
Goalkeepers Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea complete list.
Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners came from behind to beat Hull 3-2 in last year's final.
Arsene Wenger is desperate to keep Arsenal's red and white ribbon on the cup.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday.
A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties.
The SES has had over 11,000 calls for assistance across the state, and insurance companies have received more than 19,500 claims.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'
She tells her students that by ignoring, the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go.
She advises those experiencing this behaviour to try and not take it personally.
Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October.
Arrested at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK from Germany.
Ozcelik has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014.
The five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign that began with the D-Day landings.
They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
PM said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor'
He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck'
According to a family friend of Andrew Chan's, the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present.
This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal, despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when the name was 147th most popular.
In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000 and is now among a number of once-common names that are close to dying-out completely.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for UKIP.
Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises.
Announcing the decision to support UKIP, landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry'
Australian Olympian Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily.
The 32-year-old hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter.
Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in their Champions League semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored a hat-trick in the final of the European Under 21 championships.
Manchester United were keen on signing Thiago but Moyes wasn't keen on the transfer.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Michael Slager, 33, will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks.
He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail.
During the 19th century Inuits in Greenland would have entertained polite company in their settlements while wearing a thong made of seal fur.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt.
It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had.
Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Udinese.
Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based esooka.
It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists.
The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights.
In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe, through naturally occurring radiation, came to about 2,100 µSv.
Manchester City beat West Ham by an aggregate score of 14-1 in October.
The Hammers have lost six of their last eight games against the champions.
Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrini’s side.
Trucker lets rip after car towing a caravan moves into his lane on M6.
Car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across front of van, blocking slip road.
Video was posted on Shropshire-based Facebook user Mark Hazell's account.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery.
Senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire said junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
He also concluded senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday.
The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Spieth finished joint-second with Bubba Watson at last year's tournament.
Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Kim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
This year also marks a record for Hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at MBFWA.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 at Ewood Park in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game.
Brendan Rodgers' side face Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo.
Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes, according to the television station.
A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him - and a manhole soon went up toward the sky.
IKEA's Wedding Online allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group Skype.
Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams, and once they log in their webcam streams are pasted onto a virtual body.
Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last October and his March 24 arrest.
Wray served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president.
He was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' said she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval'
Kevin Pietersen was taken off during Surrey's match against Oxford University.
Pietersen was hit on the hand while fielding close-in during Oxford's second innings.
Former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury.
The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday.
Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs.
She insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby.
Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice.
Harley already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
£60 was stolen from epileptic woman's handbag in Stourbridge, West Midlands.
Victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes.
Passers-by rushed to comfort her but one person took advantage of drama.
CCTV showed a woman moving victim's shopping trolley before leaving the market.
She has been described as a white woman in her 30s or 40s, around 5ft 5in tall.
Nearly three quarters of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month, according to a new survey by US dating site Skout.
82 per cent of grilled cheese fans love to travel, compared with 78 per cent who aren’t keen on the sandwich.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan – stoking fears of a buy-to-let boom.
The offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like.
Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property – and surge of'silver landlords' is likely to push up house prices.
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews'someone' had been run down.
But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been knocked down by a car.
East on England ambulance said it receives around 2,500 calls per day.
In the last two years it has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need help.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh, and contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
The book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines, and draws on the traditions of the Welsh folk-heroes and legends of the Dark Ages.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open in 2008.
The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form.
Woods played 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be pensioner Georgina Bagnall-Oakley.
The 56-year-old could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law.
Monika Brzezinska, 34, and Bejamin Khoury, 26, also admitted fraud.
They were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the home in Bayswater, West London.
Aston Villa beat QPR 2-1 at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for his boyhood club.
Stan Collymore has been a talkSPORT commentator since 2008.
Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed that she was forced into marriage age 15.
But George Galloway's Respect Party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah'
It shows she was in fact married in 1990, when she was 16 and a half.
Mr Galloway produced the document at a hustings in Bradford on Wednesday night.
He accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about Pakistan and slandering the British Pakistani community.
Ms Shah hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah.
Six-month-old seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after collision.
The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her death.
She had been rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Liverpool's 2-0 defeat at Anfield.
The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence.
But head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an administrative error.
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle.
The Argentinian returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal in August last year.
Vergini has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats so far this season.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
MCC plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's.
The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of the ground to almost 30,000.
A new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub will also be included.
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled.
The study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
Scientists have been able to extract DNA from mammoth hair and tusks found across Siberia.
The 223ft Explorer is an exclusive superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro.
It comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests.
There is also plenty of 'terrace' area, with sunloungers, giving the impression of sitting on the beach.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen.
Emilo Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title.
Channel Ten show The Project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, Saturday Night Live star Michael Che.
The pair were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che when they accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah.
Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s.
They are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates.
In some surgeries, nurses are cold-calling patients over 75 or with long-term conditions and asking them over the phone if they have 'thought about resuscitation'
Steven Allison, 37, had been uploading pictures of himself in Australia to Facebook.
But he was unaware the net was closing in as British police tracked him down.
Allison had already been on the run for a year for sexually assaulting two women.
He had been laying low in Sydney, where he found work as a labourer.
Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes sunburns.
But don't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun, surf and sand.
Here, MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks, which are sure to cure any holiday struggle.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez who is on loan at Real Madrid.
Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City have all been knocked out of the Champions League.
Number of UK deaths per will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades.
Price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Also rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch.
It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'
Nasa's Mission Control reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' getting picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend.
The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to Washington, DC, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves'
The operator continued to tail the children, who eventually did become frightened when they realized they were being followed, until police arrived.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire.
Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterday’s national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Usk, South Wales.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child.
He took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000.
Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection.
His favourite doll is Annabel, which he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned while playing with her brother.
Nasr Bitar spotted a Google Street View car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn.
He parked his car, jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho clashed at the Emirates on Sunday.
The two managers had a go at each other in the pre-match interviews.
Both managers were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped.
Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Traffic started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside.
One driver in a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake an undertaking manoeuvre.
But a Renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes.
Each time he tries, the Renault swerves in the lane blocking the Mercedes from passing.
The incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist.
In Bulgaria, practically every village has at least one choir, and their own particular variation of traditional dress.
Many hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow confirmed as dead.
The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis.
Ward posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words 'My ride to the game wasn't bad'
Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year old daughter.
ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, Aaron Leetch, was also killed in the crash.
Prime Minister made comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to next item.
He said: 'Up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, your watch and even your tie without you noticing'
Mr Cameron could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?'
Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as programme went to ads.
Wanquan Castle was built in 1393 and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall.
The fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by the imposing fortress.
Archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to its former glory.
Work will include the restoration of the Great Wall Martial Museum, the Golden Harvest Academy and performance theatres.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel.
Incident declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger.
Six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape.
Bethany Farrell, 23, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays.
Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
One reviewer claims the boat crew deleted photos of Ms Farrell shortly before she died.
Another reviewer says the boat was left without any information for a number of hours after the incident which claimed Ms Farrell's life.
Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of Hefei City begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p.
The unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son Chen Minghao, who is suffering from leukaemia.
His father said begging on the street while dressed as a horse was a 'last resort', but he would 'gladly do anything' for his child.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939.
The schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother Dennis, who was seven at the time, but she disappeared when he lost sight of her.
Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Now, Terry Phillips, 71, who is Joyce's cousin, has accused the Met Police of a 'cover-up' after the force said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at Marseille.
Marseille had not won at home since January 31.
Andre-Pierre Gignac's side were 2-0 ahead inside 13 minutes.
Jordan Ayew and Francois Bellugou scored for Lorient.
Soldiers were buried at Prowse Point Cemetery, south of Ypres.
They were buried with full military honours in an emotional ceremony this morning.
Their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description chosen by Rudyard Kipling.
The final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season have been announced.
Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed.
Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch.
A Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time.
Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live.
Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘flavour molecules’ to fluoresce.
University of Michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery.
Bianca Gascoigne was targeted as she walked in Marylebone on Tuesday.
The 28-year-old's mobile was reportedly full of private texts from her father.
She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts.
Mr Gascovi adopted the former England international after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City.
Brendan Rodgers' future has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy.
Jamie Carragher backed Rodgers to stay at Anfield.
A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano.
Since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views.
Officers found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs.
Canines were used for the fillings of 'pastels', a Brazilian stuffed pastry.
Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat.
Ruilonc is reportedly one of a group of Chinese businessmen who own dozens of pastry houses in Rio de Janeiro.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United head coach.
The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Results on the pitch have not helped Carver's cause, but the problems at Newcastle run deeper than a depleted and disinterested playing squad.
Princess Eugenie attended the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York.
The 25-year-old looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment.
She was joined by Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison at the event.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon.
The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday.
Police have launched a state-wide search for the drama and English teacher.
Ms Scott's last social media post shows her dressed in a veil and a bright pink 'bride to be' sash.
Malky Mackay was appointed manager of Wigan in November 2014.
Dave Whelan was punished by the FA for his comments about the Chinese and Jewish communities and was left with little choice but to step down as chairman.
Wigan are eight points from safety with only five games remaining.
Tibetan Mastiffs, traditionally used in Tibet to herd other animals, are now so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses.
The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is partly blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend.
He is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver.
Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful that midfielder Darren Cole will turn out for his side on Sunday.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists'
Campbell believed the victim, Greg Valecce, had hurt his cat, Pebbles.
The 53-year-old had been staying in the basement of Campbell's mother's house in Mayfair, in the city's northeast, however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days.
The aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience.
Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness at Hampden Park in the Scottish Cup.
John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside in the final.
The Welshman has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win.
Who else made the XI? Scroll down to find out.
Billy McNeill was Celtic's greatest ever captain.
He won nine league titles, seven Scottish Cups and six League Cups.
As a player and manager, he enjoyed a 27-year association with Celtic.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges.
Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker.
More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
A man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9 p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
'We knew we were totally lost at sea,' said regatta participant Rhonda Morgan Gilreath.
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at Tottenham under Mauricio Pochettino.
The 31-year-old striker has made just nine league starts this season.
Tottenham are willing to subsidise the Togolese striker's wages.
Chairman Daniel Levy has shown reluctance to take such measures in the past.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
Holocaust survivor Eva Kor embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him.
The 81-year-old was once the subject of Josef Mengele’s monstrous human experiments.
West Ham host champions Manchester City at Upton Park on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost four of their last six Premier League games.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are also in need of a pick-me-up after defeat by United.
Click here for West Ham transfer news.
Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at 9.40am yesterday.
It was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed.
Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days.
The father-of-three battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks.
He is the first blind athlete to complete the Marathon des Sables.
The 918 Spyder was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird.
In ‘Race Hybrid’ mode the motors work in unison with the 4.6-litre V8 petrol to deliver a staggering 8,500 rpm of power.
The car is concluding a promotional tour of Australia that showcases the companies E- hybrid models.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing.
The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway.
As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer.
Small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment.
Up to 3,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported in the UK each year.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland.
The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
But she received a handwritten apology letter and a Ben & Jerry's gift card.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 to reach the semi-finals.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored Barcelona's 400th Champions League goal.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in Monte Carlo.
It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March.
The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils in quarter-finals.
SNP demands retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions.
Sturgeon said rising retirement age is unfair for pensioners in Scotland.
She also issued demand for huge inflation-busting increase in State pension.
Parts of Scotland have among lowest life expectancies of any part of UK.
Savannah Guthrie, 43, discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show.
She vowed to try the method, which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off.
But Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Scotland winger has been out of action since January.
Head coach Gregor Townsend says he is targeting to be fit for the World Cup.
Kyle Hargreaves, 18, jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court.
Paramedics found him kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle.
The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property.
When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, he said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex'
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul.
The country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in city.
Use of public funds in extreme case of product placement criticised by South Koreans.
Move echoes that of Sony Pictures Entertainment and MGM, who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the Mexican government offered studios $20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country in Spectre.
Ed Balls claims the Prime Minister has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires.
Shadow chancellor claims voters have lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition with'millions paying more while millionaires pay less'
Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'
But Balls predicted a Tory government would hike VAT and cut the top rate of income tax for earnings over £150,000 from 45p to 40p.
Tory Treasury minister David Gauke hit back with accusation that Labour has a secret plan to boost revenues
Protesters at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands.
The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
The Dragon King dinosaur skull is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts Evolve.
It is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long.
The fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher Ray Novakovich in Glendive, Montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur's horns.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered out of Russia after being branded a spy.
The 24-year-old was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation.
Russian media have branded her ‘Agent Sumner’ and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.
Scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world.
Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference.
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake, had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney.
The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
NSW Police will make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
By 2100 around one per cent more of the world’s population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India.
The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151, the Pew Research Center has claimed.
By 2050 Muslims will make up around ten per cent of Europe's population.
West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League.
Marlon Samuels grafted his way to 103 against England in the second Test.
It is far harder than going off towards the end of your career and enjoying an IPL sunset.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday.
The tournament runs from April 18 to May 4.
Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norway’s Kurt Maflin.
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse.
The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting.
But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads.
Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels.
The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot. The officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off.
This isn't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a win over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack.
Goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny the visitors.
Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio.
The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto the MoD's website.
It has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as depth of concrete on the runway.
Details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina, with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any Argentine bombers sent to attack the islands.
This comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Sukhoi SU-24 bombers from Russia.
Cressida Bonas, 26, dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
They broke up over cost of attending Harry's friend Guy Pelly's wedding.
Miss Bonas has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke.
The 45-year-old suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012.
It left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to communicate.
Mr Clarke's partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in his room.
Dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month.
The couple had planned to tie the knot this month in Sichuan, southwest China.
But Dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union canal earlier this month.
It was spotted near A4 flyover at Brentford, close to canal bank.
Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to specialist centre.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago.
They are now preparing to welcome their third baby after enlisting three surrogate mothers.
Phoenix Blue was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour, weighing 7lb 15oz.
Willow-Star was born a healthy 7lb at Viktoria Ellis’s home after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the dads’ were woken by a text saying: ‘Your little girl is here!’
Baby number three – known to be a boy – is being carried by Bex’
Graeme McDowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National.
The Northern Irishman has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor Masters record.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Steven Finn admits he finds it 'baffling' that pace does not matter.
The Middlesex seamer has vowed to regain his England place.
Finn was overlooked for the current three-Test West Indies tour.
Coach Peter Moores told Finn he remains in England's plans.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova.
The 24-year-old has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012.
Cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of Lutalo Muhammad.
Collin Burns was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the world record.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick as Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock.
Ronny Deila said Griffiths' desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting XI.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games against Arsenal.
The Ivorian has averaged one goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds.
Drogba is expected to return to The Emirates on Sunday with Jose Mourinho.
Jason Rezaian is the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief.
Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial.
Rezaian has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'
Iran is subject to sanctions due to its nuclear program.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and Brenda Avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday.
Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple.
Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time and the fetus did not survive.
The incident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000.
But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house.
It was commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials.
Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in book and documentary.
Madeleine went missing from family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal, in 2007.
Mr Amaral claimed Madeleine had not been abducted, but died in accident.
Couple had been expected to receive around £1million in damages.
At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight.
It was also claimed the body of one migrant, who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy, was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend.
Social media users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies.
Miliband's popularity ratings have been consistently low since he was elected leader in 2010.
The Cool Ed Miliband account has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader, and has attracted 3,500 followers.
An 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch.
A professor in New York invited her autistic son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory.
The high level of detail extends to the inclusion of political borders and tiny coastal islands.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night.
Loic Remy scored his second consecutive winner in the win.
Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring injury.
Mourinho has praised Remy's professionalism and scoring ability.
Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday.
He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
The 29-year-old swimmer was sentenced to 18 months of probation.
Shelly Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
Donald Sterling, 80, lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades.
But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am.
He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning.
Parks is the second son Carolyn Parks has had to mourn in recent months after her 16-year-old son died in Miami six months ago.
David Rylance, 47, was jailed for two years and three months at Newcastle Crown Court.
The pensioner's son, from South Shields, stole £50,000 from her bank account.
He spent the money on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets.
Judge Penny Moreland described it as a 'gross breach of trust'
Stefan Stoykov moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old.
Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet.
Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Boeing 777-300ER first diverted to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel eight hours into its flight from southern China to Addis Ababa.
After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital, but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off.
Flight ET607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from Guangzhou, China when it had to change course and refuel in Mumbai.
The fort was discovered on top of Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire.
It would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position, although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard.
Stones used to construct the walls were engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug hidden in a Kinder Egg.
The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead.
Revins admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
The London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors.
A range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights.
Unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 north of Denver.
Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck.
She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean.
Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
Cameron Thomas Philp has been dubbed 'the dumbest criminal of the week' after he was caught spitting on a police forensic van in 2013.
Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
The Admiral Kuznetsov is Russia's largest warship, carrying 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters.
It has a deck spanning 14,700sqft, so rather than search the entire thing by hand, Russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead.
Three youngsters won competition to visit MI5’s London HQ.
The youngsters even got to attend a meeting with director-general Andrew Parker.
Cameras were allowed inside the service's HQ for the first time.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
On Monday TMZ Sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine.
and over eight grams of MDMA by hiding them in his board shorts.
Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment.
Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back.
Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam.
The twins suffer from Alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses'
They stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a €50m (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala, telling Paris Saint-Germain they will have to spend big to sign the 'new Lionel Messi'
Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG.
Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when Palermo lost 1-0 against Parma.
Fergal O'Brien insists Alvarado is going into the race in better shape.
The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season.
O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies.
Thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion.
Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding.
Christy Mack, 23, says Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive four months into their one-year relationship.
Luis Suarez scored twice in Barcelona's 3-1 win over PSG on Wednesday.
The Uruguayan scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition.
Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers on the continent.
Real Madrid are the top scorers in Europe with 1,016 goals.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday to announce their claims.
Their attorney Gloria Allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
Lib Dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament.
Spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected.
It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Education is a sore point for many who backed the Lib Dems in 2010.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky during a post-game press conference.
Harrison covered his mouth and said 'f*** that n****' - but his microphone still projected the comment.
Kaminsky brushed off the incident, saying: 'Nothing needs to be made out of it'
The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal.
Dr Lara Briden, a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health, says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay.
Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning.
The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money.
His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season.
The record has stood since 1978-79 when Jack Charlton was manager.
Defender Tom Lees is in line to be offered a new deal at the club.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are preparing to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27.
Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into garden of their apartment in the city of Rio de Janeiro in eastern Brazil.
He then dumped her on the ground before grabbing her by the hair and savagely slamming the back of her head into the concrete 11 times before viciously punching her in the face another 10 times.
Leaving battered and unconscious dancer on ground he goes into the house and returns with a handgun, shooting her five times at pointblank range.
Ashley says the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone.
She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line.
A 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy, who was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against Nicola, 48.
Claims ex-wife had sex with another man only a few months into marriage.
DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Letizia met with relatives of some of the Spaniards who died in crash.
The flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards.
Today at Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica, Letizia shook hands and embraced the families of some victims.
Labour leader admits party has been 'too timid' on immigration.
Admits that for communities to live together they must use a shared language.
Tories say there is nothing in Mr Miliband's plans to act to reduce numbers.
Miliband promises a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012.
Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs.
The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband Lyle Jeffs.
She claims the church has become 'even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
Mrs Jeffs claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children returned to her.
Daniel Ricciardo trains with a martial artist ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
Red Bull were well off the pace of Mercedes last season, but could at least count on the Australian to pick up a win or three.
Ricciardo has struggled for form this season, finishing sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
He shot and killed a customer, Pedro Moreno, 38, in 2002.
A jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death, and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether Sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings.
No new appeals are pending as Sprouse's lethal injection scheduled for Thursday evening approaches.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's international terminal car park covering the area in thick smoke.
The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
AP McCoy will retire from jockeying at Sandown on Saturday.
The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny.
Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005, and this year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket.
As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce.
However, it was noted for its better-than-average prices.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan.
Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules.
In an attempt to reduce its prison population, California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60.
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the Ukraine.
His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010.
In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes.
The battle between lenders has intensified in recent months, plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history.
But the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix.
Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as 'astonishing'
Marlon Samuels had the chance to renew his feud with Ben Stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the West Indies dominated.
England were all out when Jimmy Anderson strolled back to his wicket which led to his run out following a fine catch by Jason Holder.
Root had reached 182 and been imperious as one team-mate after another got themselves out softly before the third.
West Indies bowlers received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman Curtly Ambrose.
Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder.
Shiv Chanderpaul’s Test career has lasted 21 years and 28 days.
The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas.
Their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to Mars from months to weeks - although it may require a nuclear power source.
Following the successful test of a prototype in 2013, it seems Nasa is now considering it for use on a future mission to Mars.
Drug company has been accused of trying to block trials.
It has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness.
The respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village on Saturday afternoon.
He was reportedly trying to flee through a fire escape when he was shot in the chest by police.
Two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious.
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates comes in three different flavours.
David Cameron’s bar is studded with blueberry pieces and Ed Miliband’ comes in a red raspberry flavour.
Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
As yet there are no plans for a Nigel Farage chocolate this year.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades.
Investigation team involving six agencies in US and Britain want him put on trial.
Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken.
Prehistoric man sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave in modern day France 36,000 years ago.
Now, with the help of cutting-edge technology, those works of art in the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave have been reproduced to create the biggest replica cave in the world.
The cave contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features.
Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres.
Collette Dinnigan has put her luxurious Paddington home on the market after splashing out on a stylish waterfront home in one of Sydney's most exclusive suburbs.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime real estate.
Dinnigan and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary'
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedin’s Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'
The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill famed for its 35 per cent gradient.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were overcome by choppy waters.
Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox, who were training for the Boat Race which takes place on Saturday, April 11.
The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
Michael Munday has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance.
The Sydney man has tweeted 135 love notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa, declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back.
But some users were not entirely convinced by Mr Munday's plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal against Al Whidat on Sunday.
West Ham's James Collins lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross.
Shatniawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has defended collating the Sony hack into one searchable database saying that the entertainment giant has links to the Democratic party and the American'military industrial complex'
The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost Sony upwards of $100 million.
Crown Princess Mary treated her three youngest children to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday.
Mohamed Yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute.
Alexandre Lacazette took his tally to 25 eight minutes later.
French champions Paris Saint-Germain have one game in hand.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers.
Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers, ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m)
In Twitter’s place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities at Liverpool.
Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe.
The Liverpool midfielder has been warned about the consequences of taking a drug known as 'hippy crack'
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy.
The 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the Tottenham winger.
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role as Minnie Jackson, a maid, was at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History'
Before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust.
'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman said.
Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days - while Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days.
Matthews won 54 England caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957, interrupted of course by the Second World War.
Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001 as a teenager with West Ham United.
Manchester United team-mate Wayne Rooney hailed Carrick as 'the best player on the pitch by a mile'
Chelsea won the UEFA Youth League on Monday afternoon.
Izzy Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma.
The Blues' under 19 captain was on the bench for the Premier League clash at Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions.
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers.
Once the EE ‘power bar’ runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday.
Doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years.
The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week.
She said: 'I will forget I'm a mum, forget my beautiful girl Holly'
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after being bitten by a Doberman.
The 44-year-old was campaigning in his constituency in Doncaster.
But the Labour leader failed to tell her he was secretly going out with a friend.
Mrs Miliband said: 'I was furious. I bumped into him a couple of times after that, but we didn't start seeing each other for at least a year'
Adrian Peterson will be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting Friday.
This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch.
Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is Managing Editor of style website Who What Wear.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament.
London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable.
Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law every day.
Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labour’s ‘state intrusion’
Research shows the Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public.
Manchester City were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Vincent Kompany believes a win against Manchester United will help rectify their season.
The City captain believes a strong finish will be key for them next season.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways.
He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, north west London.
Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty as Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11.
Bosch hit the ball into a strong wind in the final act of the last eight clash.
The 31-year-old then executed a try-saving tackle on Racing wing Juan Imhoff when all his Argentina team-mate had to do was fall over the line for a crucial final-quarter try.
Nico Rosberg secured his third win in four races this season.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg is back to his best.
Rosberg finished third behind Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen.
Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens.
The Hugels had lived in the home for 40 years, and an elderly woman lived upstairs as their tenant.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans at 1989 disaster.
They show men and women rushing towards those crushed as they lay dying.
It comes at the request of some of the victims' families, said officials.
Officers had previously been unable to identify the people in the images.
The appeal is part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into the tragedy.
Ninety-six people died after Liverpool fans in one section of the ground became crushed.
Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they didn't know who led British forces against France in the battle.
Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station than the actual battle.
Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning.
'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer.
David Silva returned to Manchester City training on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate.
Silva required eight minutes of treatment on the field before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination.
But tests revealed he had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012.
He applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has already received his passport from the small eastern European state.
The 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane, Australia, Tuesday morning local time, putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes.
The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand.
Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement.
Brian and Joan Ogden were on their way back to their hotel in Benidorm.
They were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed.
CCTV footage shows a pickpocket in purple reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket.
Her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden, 78.
But they weren't to be fooled as they followed the crooks out of the hotel.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles.
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed Kevin Rivera, 21, in Brooklyn, New York.
Couple had just returned home after celebrating daughter's first birthday.
Pensioner allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with a knife.
When medics arrived at property, they found Mr Rivera with chest wound.
He was rushed to hospital, but later pronounced dead, police said.
Diaz has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of weapon.
Dita Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will lead burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona.
The forty-two-year-old fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool.
The Burnley striker has scored nine Premier League goals this season.
Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter said nothing will stop Russia from hosting the World Cup in 2018.
The Swiss said he was 'proud' that Russia is getting ready to host the tournament.
He said the 2018 World Cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football's world governing body.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence.
He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Since he didn't give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the photo of the amazing rescue went viral online.
Warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for.
Chelsea held Arsenal to a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Jose Mourinho branded the 11-year wait for the Premier League title 'boring'
Mourinho believes John Terry's performance against the Gunners was his best ever.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5.
Her body was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused in bleach.
Police believe a 36-year-old woman posed as a Child Protective Services employee and convinced Fleming to come with her to Gary.
Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby on April 7.
The baby has been found by police and is safe.
Matt Giteau has not featured for Australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand.
Giteau's supreme form for Toulon led to a clamour for him to be recalled.
Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad — providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home.
Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire, says he wants more children.
Claims he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women.
Says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives.
Princess Eugenie has been living in New York for a year.
The 25-year-old is currently working in the cosmopolitan city.
She showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America.
Village of Supai has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and small Christian church.
The picturesque plot was claimed by the tribe from the National Park rangers in 1975.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error at the 2010 World Cup.
The 35-year-old made a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
Green faces his former club at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful.
Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all been nominated for the PFA Women's Player of the Year award.
Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year.
The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter.
But the car became boxed in and the gang attempted to flee on foot.
Police eventually caught up with the gang, who have now been jailed.
Conchita van der Waal worked at the Dutch central bank for eight years.
For the past six years, she has been offering her services at more than £300 an hour.
The 46-year-old asked clients for requests, saying ‘the kinkier the better’
She hinted at her real professional life on her website which has since been removed from the web.
Labour leader Harold Wilson lobbied the BBC to change the time of Steptoe and Son on the night of the 1964 election.
He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the show instead of supporting his candidates.
Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home.
The BBC is releasing an archive interview with Sir Hugh Greene recorded in 1982 and a 1981 interview with the former Prime Minister.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action.
As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away, and that's when she started punching him in the head multiple times.
The robber disappeared into the woods but, according to police
The former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in'small' meetings with voters.
Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Liam Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat.
Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips.
Real Madrid face Barcelona at the Olympiastadion in Berlin on June 6.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have only met twice this season.
Barcelona won 3-1 on aggregate when the sides met in the semi-finals of the 2011 Champions League.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, is in his final year studying Business Informatics.
But thanks to his uncanny similarity to the One Direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page.
Every picture that Flamur posts on his page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were racially abused on an Airport Line train on Wednesday afternoon.
The Brisbane couple are raising a newborn baby son, Mohammad, in the country which they are grateful to call home.
Friends of the couple painted a picture of the Islamic couple as 'committed' members of the community in Brisbane.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Luis Suarez and Neymar scored for the four-time winners.
Magpies travel to the Nou Camp for the second leg on April 21.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone.
Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their handset.
It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the ISDX market.
Man believed to be from Mozambique taken to Johannesburg hospital where he died.
At least six people have been killed and thousands have been displaced.
Violence against immigrants erupted in city of Durban several weeks ago.
Police are struggling to subdue machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops.
Mike Tindall bought horse Monbeg Dude for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner.
He was overcome by the 40-1 outsider’s performance.
After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted ‘Holy s***, I’m lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!!’
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued fatwa in Malaysia.
Claims wife can only refuse husband sex if she is menstruating, sick or given birth.
Said right to say no was lost when father handed her to new husband.
Also said men can't stop without 'getting consensus from his wife'
Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, spoke at a court in the city today.
Her words came as jurors decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre.
Defense lawyers have argued that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson.
Coming second in the survey is national public broadcaster the ABC, confirming a TV career is still high on the list of many people’s dream jobs.
Department of Immigration, Department of Defence and Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work.
Stan Cole captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields.
He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor.
Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes - can be difficult to capture on film.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge.
Kelly had filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage on June 27, 2013 — the day she disappeared from her Charlestown, New Hampshire, home.
Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
Sharon Winters was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke online.
But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack.
Mr Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder, to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online.
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge.
The 29-year-old will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria in May.
Ennis-Hilis has written to the IAAF to ask why she has been allowed to keep her world title.
Johnson-Thompson won pentathlon gold at the European Indoor Championships last month.
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure.
Kirkland donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Raheem Sterling admits he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
The 20-year-old wideman was offered £100,000-a-week to stay at Anfield.
Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Jon Walters.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982.
Prince Charles was the first member of the club.
It has attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry.
But attempts to cash in on elite status have been scuppered by the European Court.
Drone carrying asparagus tips crashed and exploded in the Netherlands.
Owner Ronald Peijenburg had previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable.
The pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck.
Darron Gibson has been ruled out of the rest of the season.
The Everton midfielder damaged his metatarsal in the 2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season.
Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Saturday's trip to Swansea.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note.
His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital.
She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
The Manchester United fan had been robbed at knifepoint several times.
Pope Francis made the comments at 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday.
Turkey summoned the Holy See's ambassador in.
Ankara in protest.
It said his comments had caused a 'problem of trust'
Today was the first time a pope has publicly used the term.
Eight-year-old boy taken to hospital after playground suffocation prank went wrong.
Police in Manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game, known as'sleeper'
The game involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had witnessed during the semester.
In the email, he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct'
The university has said that the failing grades Horwitz's wishes to give out will not hold.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today.
He was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart.
Was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted in Matheran.
The youngster was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival.
She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff.
Michael Churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up.
The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
As the wall of snow approached, he got into the fetal position and hoped for the best. The force hitting his body knocked him into a rock, leaving him with some facial injuries.
He eventually made his way down from the mountain and was greeted by fellow survivors at a domestic airport in Kathmandu.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico.
The Biancocelesti are now 13 points behind Serie A leaders Juve.
Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place.
Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010.
He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital.
A new evaluation was ordered earlier this year after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation.
Wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
Victoria McKennon is just one class short of completing requirements to graduate.
The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits.
Plano Senior High School has set out a way in which Victoria could make up the missing credit and graduate in time for the main summer ceremony.
But her mum Grace says this won't work if her daughter has an unforeseen hospital stay and wants a guarantee she will be able to take to the stage in June.
Goldfish weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length are invading and destroying WA's waterways.
Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them.
In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Kim Davies bought Llanwenarth House, where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote All Things Bright and Beautiful, for £675,000 in 2008.
He then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling.
The 60-year-old also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones.
The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h)
The train travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h).
It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/H)
Train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway.
It hovers four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months.
Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant.
But the desperate couple then had their benefits cut.
Philip was given a lifeline by local businessman Jasen Jackiw.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday.
This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant.
Hugh Jackman spoke up against the West Australian government's effort to shut down as many as half of the state's 270 remote communities.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform.
More than 300,000 screens went offline for several hours just after start of trading.
Trading halted across Europe and Asia due to the crash of the server.
Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds delayed for hours.
Wilfried Zaha poses for close-up shots as FIFA 16 is released.
Zaha helped Crystal Palace defeat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday.
The 22-year-old has been in fine form for the Eagles this season.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face firing squad within days.
Indonesia's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners on Thursday.
The only thing left after this is to announce the execution date.
Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday.
Angie Donohue has revealed her husband of four years tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice.
The 43-year-old was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire ‘various people’ to kill for money.
Turia Pitt was burned to 64 per cent of her body during a Kimberley ultramarathon in 2011.
She has been operated on more than 200 times since the blaze.
On Thursday, Turia will hold a fundraising gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight.
'I'm fitter now than I was before!' Turia told Daily Mail Australia.
Edinburgh host London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli.
The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons.
Terminal 1 at Beijing International Airport is set to be the world's biggest.
Opening in 2018, it will cover 700,000 square metres, and will handle 45million passengers a year.
Designs focus on creating a feeling of space and openness, which is reflected in the flowing lines of the roof, and the lack of pillars inside.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Virgil van Dijk believes he sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against Inter Milan.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died a penniless death in 1909.
She was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
Diego de Girolamo is leaving Sheffield United at the end of the season.
The Italy Under 20 international is out of contract and has an offer from Juventus.
Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock.
He thought up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea.
It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich.
Time was measured using radio-controlled clock and BT speaking clock.
Couple were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'raucous screams'
Neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their two children awake.
The man, who has not been named, was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011 and his fiancée given a noise abatement order.
But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere.
The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
A large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub.
The crush caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three and injuring a dozen more.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings.
Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day.
Services have fallen from 40 per cent to 35 in the past five years.
The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020, compared to £15,494.54 in 2013.
Former prime minister said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'
He urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour in the General Election.
Mr Brown was speaking during a joint event with local Labour candidate Douglas Alexander.
The four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted by member of the Prime Minister's staff, on the roof of his principle office and residence in Tokyo.
The radioactive material is likely caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body.
It is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's derby clash with Manchester United on Sunday.
The Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job despite mounting pressure.
Emirates Airline are set to seal an historic deal with the FA Cup.
The Emirates FA Cup is football's oldest knockout competition.
Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million.
Paris Saint-Germain have worn the Emirates brand since 2006.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have a net worth of £260million.
The Hollywood power couple often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation.
They booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream Hilton Malta, while filming their upcoming film By the Sea.
The 99.7% accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others.
Rangers have been forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market.
The Ibrox outfit were unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad)
Paul Murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected.
Wolverhampton beat Wigan 1-0 at the DW Stadium.
Benik Afobe scored the winner with 25 minutes remaining.
James McClean was sent off in injury time for second bookable offence.
Garry Monk has been keeping a close eye on Michu during his loan spell at Napoli.
Spaniard scored 22 goals in his first season at Swansea after signing from Rayo Vallecano for £2.2million in July 2012.
The 29-year-old recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea this summer to see out the final year of his contract.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September.
It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac.
The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Jeremy Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA.
The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear.
Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
The Hunger Games franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies.
The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012, and there are three other sequels to come, with the follow-up hitting cinemas May 1.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months.
Men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months.
Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic at PSG.
The Uruguayan has scored 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side this season.
Cavani has expressed his desire to stay at the Paris club for the duration of his contract.
The great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack.
Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of child pornography.
The Montgomery County Police Department said Friday that the Georgian national faces eight possession of child porn counts.
He has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography, after which police say he fled the country.
An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first Test against New Zealand in Abu Dhabi.
The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday.
Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He gets weaker as he grows older. Born strong, he's now'very floppy'
His parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away.
The family are planning to show Elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days.
Norway will be the first country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal.
It will turn off its transmitters on January 11 2017.
The move could save the country £17 million a year.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Blues keeper Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort.
Courtois scrambled back as quickly as he could but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former Liverpool man.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found.
Toronto-born Crombie died on Wednesday night in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage.
He was 48 ears old.
The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife.
Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game.
Bubba Watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour.
Matilda Kahl has worn the same outfit to work every day for three years.
In an article for Harper's Bazaar, Matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself dancing in front of the Arc de Triomphe.
Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham.
Adebayer recently insisted he was prepared to fight for his place in the team.
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month.
They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
When the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and Mark Titch were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County.
Thomas was 18 at the time, and Titch, who was 17, was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole but died behind bars last year.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Porto are unbeaten in the competition this season.
Bayern are also without Javi Martinez and Mehdi Benatia.
Franck Ribery looks set to miss the game with a nagging ankle injury.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12% more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch.
Lloyds Bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby, to see how they compared to the wider postal region.
Motorway officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver, who they suspected was speeding.
They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
The caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase.
The #realisticYA hashtag has prompted a backlash on Twitter.
Young adults compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives.
Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions.
Hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners every year.
Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators.
One former medical student revealed how ‘blood was still running’ as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband had removed corneas.
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark.
He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson.
The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain'
He vowed to maintain tax relief on big TV productions.
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, are the subjects of a new independent film.
The teenagers and young adults, who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives, are now the subject of the documentary.
They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows in the north-east neighborhood, according to the film and an Indiegogo page.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free.
A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett.
Toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
The venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite.
Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of QPR.
Tim Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Villa Park.
Sherwood rates Ramsey as one of this country’s best coaches.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked, but might not be frequently cleaned.
In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
Judy Murray, 55, has undergone a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year.
But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit.
The ceremony, in Murray’s home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Diego Maradona kicked out at a steward during a charity match in Bogota.
The 1986 World Cup winner scored the winner to support the peace process in Colombia.
Maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans.
Siem de Jong is targeting a return to the first-team for Newcastle.
The Holland international played 45 minutes for the club's Under-21s team.
De Jong has been plagued by injuries since arriving from Ajax.
Newcastle face Swansea at St James' Park on Sunday.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, according to Arsenal.
Wilshere has not featured for the Gunners since November 22.
The 23-year-old could bring down the average age of this City squad.
Manchester City have snapped up several players from Arsenal in recent times.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Justin Bieber will carry Mayweather's championship belts into the ring.
Bieber has accompanied Mayweather in the ring on numerous occasions.
May 2 is billed as the biggest fight in boxing history.
Ashya King was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK.
The Kings were arrested in Spain and spent several nights in custody after an international arrest warrant was issued against them.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent.
He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour.
She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner, but it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian.
FEMAIL reveals the seemingly very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad.
Franck Ribery was sold on his importance to Bayern Munich five years ago.
Real Madrid wanted him after he fell out with Louis van Gaal.
Ribery says he was convinced to stay after being sold on importance.
The 32-year-old has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman.
The victim’s family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and demanded she be prevented from leaving China.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a three-bedroom home.
The home, dubbed 'PV14,' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake.
Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country.
Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
The coalition of Arab countries backed by America continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today, killing at least 20 in the capital Sana'a.
Samantha, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by London-based designer The Fold.
The midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow V-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire.
Coroner said she would now write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education.
The hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona.
Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official.
He is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe's top eight clubs.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields and bombs would constitute war crimes, if confirmed, he said.
This comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as 'human shields'
The Islamic militants took as many as 500 adults and children from primary schools in the north-eastern town of Damasak in late February.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan.
Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show for the 25th anniversary screening.
A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing of Ian Fleming's hero.
They concluded that James Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film, and would have died or been critically injured several times.
In the unlikely event the massive round did not cause catastrophic injuries, the radioactive nature of the ammunition 'would greatly increase his cancer risk'
In a feature for Total Film, the experts examine several different action movies to see whether the man characters would have survived their ordeal.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions'
On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her.
When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, according to police.
Authorities say Chang then allegedly kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home in Des Moines, Washington.
An Amber Alert was issued for
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack.
He was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar.
Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents.
Fahey was arrested last Thursday following the attack after a witness identified him, but was scared for his life due to Fahey's reputation as a 'dangerous person'
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery will miss the game.
Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today.
Charged with possessing an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose.
Also charged with possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for Barcelona so far this season.
The Barcelona star has kept a match ball from every game.
Messi will lead the line for Barca when they take on PSG in the Champions League.
Rita, 24, has been unveiled as face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign.
Shows range of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July.
A snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur this week.
Despite his critics' negative reactions to his tribute tattoo, Christien told Buzzfeed that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover.
The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family refers to as Baby L.
Giles' family said that she opened her eyes, and soon began following her father's movements around the room.
Then, her father showed her a photo of her son, and she followed the picture again.
Baby L meanwhile is
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season if they beat Bradford on Tuesday night.
The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed, drawing 1-1 thanks to Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser.
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at the firm's Redmond offices in Washington.
If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici.
The Gunners return to Wembley on May 30 to try to defend the trophy.
Gareth McCleary's second-half strike went over the line after a deflection from Keiran Gibbs.
Colleen Ann Harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013.
Mrs Harris testified that she couldn't recall the events leading up to his death because of traumatic memory loss.
An Australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria.
The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Ahmed Shaheed.
Unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment, the fighter confirmed that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village, near the Syrian city of Aleppo, where he has recently been based.
Shaheed is believed to be a former Bond University student, who reportedly left his home in Sydney and traveled to Syria to join the Al Qaeda affiliated group Jabhat al
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves.
They show the true horror of the doomed Gallipoli landings during World War One, which claimed 140,000 lives.
An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916.
After huge losses on both sides, the Allies successfully evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The mother-of-five allegedly threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter and her friends last Friday and told her about the wild party.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals.
The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
She marked her return to work by apologizing for her 'hurtful' actions and has asked fans for a second chance.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in the popular NSW beach town.
The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers.
Officers found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop.
He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire.
He agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate.
However, Mr Myers started eating an onion ring and Lawson was angered.
Lawson shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh.
Recorder spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month suspended sentence.
Paula Radcliffe set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London Marathon in 2003.
The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive race.
Radcliffe was due to give a BBC interview on Tower Bridge with Denise Lewis.
Instead of running with the elite women, Radcliffe chose to take off with the 37,000-strong mass field.
Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11.
It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later.
Environmental group Greenpeace has criticised the decision to tow the vessel out to open sea.
The slick is also threatening the Canary Islands of Tenerife and La Gomera.
Uno, a full-grown dog, and Louie, a kitten, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month.
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher invited members of the public to bash out a melody.
The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week.
Last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the deliveryman.
But the seemingly blasé response of the DJs in their latest clip has fuelled accusations that the video was staged.
Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City.
But West Ham boss Sam Allardyce insists no club has made an offer.
Cresswell has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season.
The 25-year-old made 32 Premier League appearances last season.
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness.
Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach while out walking during the school break.
But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
Captain Birdseye lookalike Richard Williams, 54, jailed for four years and eight months.
Spent £50,000 turning canal narrowboat into replica German submarine.
His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in five-year scam.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton.
It derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks.
At the time, the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia, a toxic chemical.
The derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said.
Officials could not immediately confirm how many cars the train had all together.
Thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a 'precaution'
LeSean McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso.
McCoy says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent.
The service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you', Twitter's Gordon Luk said in a blog post.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device.
Users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez in San Jose, California.
Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
After the vehicle stopped, Butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road.
Six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week.
One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before.
Other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in plug hole, only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food fester.
More than 200 friends, family and former patients attended an hour-long memorial service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn for dermatologist to the stars Dr. Frederic Brandt.
Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal.
The elephant then quickly retreats and Mr Ramiul walks away miraculously unharmed, although visibly shaken and covered from head to toe in mud.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK.
The supermarket beat major hotel, restaurant and pub chains to win the title.
It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards.
Russian supermodel Irina Shayk, 29, is modelling for Linda Farrow eyewear.
Her latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while writhing around a pool with a hunky male model.
She split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey struck stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff.
Victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends when assault took place.
Hallisey was jailed for four years after admitting wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
The Park Hyatt New York hired Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms.
While the Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms.
The crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead.
Since the summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening, as part of the Challenge Fund initiative - funding for which was recently increased from £50 million to £100 million.
'Red' Len McCluskey gave me the time of day on a street in Neath.
He conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW.
The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing.
'The two worlds collided. We have information that could link William’s disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity,' Detective Superintendent Willing said.
This comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished.
William's
Jordan Speith set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing.
Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard.
Others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson, are still posing a threat.
Karim Benzema is set to miss Real Madrid's Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid on Wednesday.
The French striker has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season.
Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in history in his first 50 games'
Tuttosport celebrate Juventus's march towards the Serie A title following their 2-0 victory against Lazio on Saturday.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago.
Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying.
Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations.
The Norwegian blamed last summer's money-spinning pre-season programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany and Austria.
Mauricio Pochettino will return to St Mary's on Saturday.
Southampton fans will show support for Ronald Koeman, his brother and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg by wearing orange instead of the usual red and white club colours.
Pochettino decided to leave Southampton in order to take up the reins at Tottenham.
The Human Rights Commission said there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room.
The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey.
Dorsey said being barred from using the exercise room smacked of second-class citizenship for the rent-stabilized tenants.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa at Loftus Park on Monday night.
Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy.
The ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Rangers moved three points clear.
Lib Dem leader reveals he was better at languages and art when he was at school.
He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy'
He has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion from crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success.
The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday.
But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club.
The six-strong gang raided Hatton Garden jewellery district last week.
They were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night.
The footage reveals the precise timings of the raid for the first time.
And the fact they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe.
Scotland Yard refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
The incredible showing of strength was videoed at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province.
Four people attach themselves to the wood and the plank is lifted onto the woman’s feet by the assistants.
Despite the woman being given a moment to rest she keeps her legs in the same position.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986.
She had said goodbye to everyone except for her beloved team.
But her wish was granted on Thursday after a visit from Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery.
Johnson passed away shortly after, just as he was leaving, her family said.
A third of GP training posts remain unfilled in some parts of the UK.
This means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million appointments last year.
Doctors warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked.
The news comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors, and last week it was revealed that 10 per cent of patients tried - and failed - to book a GP appointment in 2013/14.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled.
Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times.
Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer when they compete in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer.
The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids, on July 29 in what is the 20th edition of the All Star match.
Scott Dann set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2)
Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls.
Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray’s finish (3)
Poet Rupert Brooke had string of affairs with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915.
The letters are part of the John Schroder collection which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip.
They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
The fishermen described being beaten, kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given Taser-like electric shocks.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the North from the South.
Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher.
The beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, features an 'overlapping' of military installations along the coast.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head.
The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal.
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday.
The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco.
This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea.
They are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that about eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad.
He began running towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!'
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
The Italy striker has scored eight goals in his first 17 league games.
Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for continuing to support him.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead.
Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Candlestick Park was completed in 1960 and was home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers.
It has now been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center.
During the 49ers' 43 seasons at Candlestick, no player was bigger to the organization than Joe Montana, who led the team to four Super Bowls.
In baseball, two World Series were played at the park, in 1962 and 1989, with the Giants losing to the New York Yankees and Oakland raiders respectively.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber.
Acevedo was driving at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013.
He repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful.
The Glaubers, who were 7 months pregnant at the time, were not wearing seat belts when the Toyota Camry they were riding in was T-
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers.
They urged them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs.
The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today'
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down, and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk.
The poet Byron called the experience a ‘buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion’
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans.
Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
In a separate video, the men and women respond to common misconceptions about people who sleep on the streets.
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women’s Prison.
The program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences.
In her case that means a 10 month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession.
Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed.
'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man told Nine News.
His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained.
It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raids said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
Hoda Muthana, 20, was persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim to join the terror group.
The radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day and for blood to be spilled.
Muthana was not named in full by Buzzfeed, but her identity was revealed on Monday by the Birmingham News.
Detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm.
It can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away.
Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
The details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of HBO’s hit series The Wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 34, and her former student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, are now older than their father was when, at age 12, he started an affair with his teacher.
Letourneau pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies.
The interview will air on 20/20 on Friday - nearly 20 years after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her student.
Brenda Finn, 30, lost her hair at the age of 14 due to alopecia universalis.
She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression.
Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face.
Now she says having the procedure earlier would have saved her years of pain.
England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake.
The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down.
England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday means Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged'
Despite liking her job, it's not Canada's ambiguous laws on prostitution that give Celine pause - being paid for sex is legal.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved.
The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April.
Tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
After months of intensive treatment, it became clear there was little more doctors could do.
She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine.
Charles Dunstone is backing the Conservatives in the election.
The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy.
But he is concerned that business is viewed as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide a fair and compassionate society.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31.
He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home.
Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw.
JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested.
Bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium.
The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand.
Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, battled severe bowel infection Clostridium difficile.
Was suffering bouts of diarrhoea, lost his appetite and endured continuous pain.
It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant.
The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people.
Girls aged between 13 and 16 targeted at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'
One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
He said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Mr Blair said he himself had been ‘mentored’ by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23, of Anderson.
Fleming and her three-week old baby Serenity went missing from her home on April 5.
Police believe Jones lured Fleming to Indiana by telling her she worked for the Indiana Department of Child Services.
A third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in England are overweight or obese.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription.
Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football.
The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia.
A coroner found Astle’s brain ‘resembled that of a boxer’
A Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan police after video emerged this week showing her running over a rival in a street fight.
Smith-Walker was arrested in December for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting.
Police aren't sure what sparked the fight, but say it appears the two girls involved used to be friends.
A series of pictures by German artist Jörg Düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland.
In many of the pictures, the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is.
The jaw-dropping artwork is the brainchild of 49-year-old artist and bodypainter from Hameln, Germany.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State.
Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly.
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and her husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam jumped through an open door of their van.
But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away.
Michael McInerney, 34, admitted manslaughter and conspiracy to steal.
Josh Warrington defeated Dennis Tubieron by scores of 119-109 twice and and 119-110.
The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night.
Tubieron fought for the same belt last December when he drew with Carlo Magali.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six Madrid derbies this term.
Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey.
Joseph Oberhansley, from Jeffersonville, Indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September.
On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Jonjo O'Neill trains Shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron J P McManus.
McManus owns Jackdaws Castle and retains AP McCoy, the record-breaking Jump jockey about to retire.
McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding the horse in the £1million Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on April 11.
Lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family at Lea Hurst, near Matlock, Derbyshire.
The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall on June 26.
Lyoto Machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max'
At the end of the video, the Brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor.
Machida tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United.
The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
United beat Liverpool to sign Young from Aston Villa for £17m in 2011 and he signed a five year contract understood to be worth around £120,000 a week.
A hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue'
Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
Someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $40,000.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, known as 'The Liquidator', arrested on Friday.
Mexican authorities claim he is 'linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in Juarez City'
He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking.
Aaron Ramsey fires Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor.
The Welsh midfielder fired the Gunners into the lead after 12 minutes.
Mesut Ozil's shot was saved by Tom Heaton, Alexis Sanchez's rebound hit Michael Duff.
Francis Coquelin scored the only goal of the game for Burnley in the 82nd minute.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk.
The 56-year-old allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias.
To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone, he is claimed to have asked her: ‘Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?’
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The 93-year-old told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, he said during the third day of his trial.
Jamal al-Labani was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
He was trying to get his family out of the war-torn Middle Eastern nation and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports.
The United Nations said on Thursday that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000.
The director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train last fall.
He was preparing to hit the train a third time when a Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
During the sentencing on Friday, U.S. District Judge Scott Skavdahl told Brux he needed to deal with his anger and mental health issues.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force.
All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre and attracts a certain type of clientele.
The restaurant's owner – Mr Wing himself – is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible, and is often snapped in the photographs with the city's celebrities at his five-star venue.
Wayne Rooney, in particular, visits the restaurant with his wife, Coleen, and has even helped them with publicity work.
Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the same day he signed for Manchester United in a £6million loan deal from Monaco.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Pacquiao has received a custom-made speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it.
Robert Leslie Shapiro, 72, is a civil litigator working out of Los Angeles-based firm Glaser Weil Fink Jacobs Howard Avchen & Shapiro.
Shapiro represented OJ Simpson in 1995 when he successfully fought charges that he murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman in 1994.
Lindsey Walker booked in for an overnight stay at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside.
Her partner and two-year-old son from Darlington were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door.
The hotel was taken over by Malhotra Group in January, who have plans for major refurbishment.
Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing call to 'come at me bruv'
QPR host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon.
Sean Dyche's Burnley have the smallest wage budget in the league.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey insists he had more sleepless nights coaching Tottenham last season and joking about the difference between Lidl and Waitrose.
New information from the Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet.
The substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water.
Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 in the large crater, Gale, located just south of the equator.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT.
But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin.
Mr Ingram, from Saltash in Cornwall, says it shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body.
This means it shows up in some surprising ways, warns nutritionist.
Here, she reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year.
The 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court today.
Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial would take place on August 10.
The then Princess Elizabeth was photographed in 1935 at Westminster Abbey.
Eighty years on, the Queen yesterday gave out Maundy coins in the pre-Easter tradition.
Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men.
Support for Ukip has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others.
Ukip leader has seen support in Thanet South collapse from a 12 point lead over the Tories.
Poll also mirrors nationwide polls which show that Ukip's support has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months alone.
Billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife of the world's oceans.
The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration.
Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows for complete privacy as you can choose whether to lounge on the sun roof above waters, or whale watch below the surface.
FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga have adopted the septum ring.
The piercing was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes.
In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The German driver blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up.
Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August.
Bernie Ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators 'don’t fully understand' technical terms.
The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion, claiming that Johns Hopkins approved the study at the time.
It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment.
Marta Orellana was just 9-years-old when one day she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected.
She was told the lie down and spread her legs, which she resisted at first, but eventually succumbed to the doctors around her.
Another woman
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26, in 2006.
He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to rap music.
The 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone.
It also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games so far this season.
The Montenegro striker is keen to return to Italy after £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the Montenegro international.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service (NHS)
Billed as the 'Islamic State Dewan of Health', the video features an Australian doctor, known as Abu Yusuf al-Australi, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year.
Kassab regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl'
The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children, after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania.
They were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them.
The mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries.
John Sutton Jr, 84, has spent the first Saturday of May the same way since he was 8 years old - on the sidelines of the Kentucky Derby.
To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2.
This week, Sutton invited WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years Doris, where she spoke about his very first Derby and showed off his impressive collection of racing memorabilia.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police.
Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London.
Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and Midlands.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death.
The 19-year-old victim had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in London.
Okafor had been at the club with Ademujimi-Falade and another friend Bolaji Kako-Are.
Ski champ Lindsey Vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia, on Thursday as her beau Tiger made some high profile mistakes.
The 30-year-old's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice and Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn's breathtaking return to alpine skiing.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before.
Smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Robert Penny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder.
Margaret Penny and her husband Robert were murdered in Portland, Victoria, on May 3, 1991.
Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
Tottenham are weighing up a bid for the midfielder, who has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits the upcoming transfer window will be more testing for a player with ambitions to play in the Champions League.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent.
The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers.
Small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend as they struggle to cover the costs of penalty rates on public holidays.
Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay.
The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing.
He stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi.
Libya's second largest city was seized by Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes with a stunning half-volley.
Ander Herrera added a second after 43 minutes with his right-footed strike.
United are now eight points clear of Brendan Rodgers and Liverpool in fifth.
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season.
He is now the player you look to in a crisis and has been eking out wins when the team hasn’t been at its best.
The big change for him in the last 18 months has been in his finishing.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 at Anfield in 1996.
Robbie Fowler opened the scoring for the Reds.
Stan Collymore sealed the win for the home side.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest, which causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March.
The feral animals compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to be responsible for the extinction of and population decline of a number of mammals.
Manchester United host Aston Villa in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal believes his side will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa.
United are currently one point ahead of local rivals Manchester City.
Delroy Facey is accused of conspiring with Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
The 34-year-old is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment.
He is also accused of trying to corrupt Greater Manchester-based Hyde FC player Scott Spencer by offering him £2,000.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish Premiership.
Leigh Griffiths fired Celtic into an early lead in the first half.
Edward Ofere equalised for the Highlanders from close range in the second half.
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
The striker has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants.
Carlo Ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth.
The gold dress, embroidered with over 12,000 Swarovski crystals and 0.5kg of pearls, took over 1,000 hours to handcraft.
It will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by Austrian Mint.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein is a FIFA vice-president from Jordan.
He wants to see the World Cup being jointly hosted by several countries.
Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo.
Research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties.
Department of Twin Research performed a poll of voting preferences.
The aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, received the fine in Benton County Superior Court in March after refusing to serve same-sex couple Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed in 2013.
Stutzman cited her religious beliefs when refusing to provide the couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding.
In February, a judge ruled that her refusal to provide flowers because of sexual orientation violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final.
The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's matches this season.
He was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Mouscron had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end meaning there is to be room for Chelsea.
The Belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer.
Labour leader will insist a Labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’
Miliband infamously forgot to make any mention of the deficit in his party conference speech last year.
Restaurants serving domestic cats - known as 'baby tiger' - springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals.
Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive, the bones removed and eaten.
The meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from street and homes across Vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring China and Laos.
Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla, India.
It shows the monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past.
Catching the teenager off guard, it lands with its feet directly in his face.
He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey quickly bounds back.
The pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed.
The Piper PA-31 crashed into a wooded area close to the runway.
Eyewitnesses say they heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball'
The cause of the crash is not yet known.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer.
But the Italian striker insists he wants to stay at Fiorentina.
The 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go.
EBUS patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques.
Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and a decision to be made on the best course of treatment.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia.
Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007, in the cottage she shared with Knox.
Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria.
The 21-year-old has struggled since reaching the quarter-finals of the Australian Open in January.
Serena Williams looks set to dominate the women's tour despite approaching her 34th birthday.
Overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
fell marginally from 2013.
The report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies.
Gaza police seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled.
He is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family.
The now homeless family say they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item.
St George's County Asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients.
It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place.
Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed asylum where patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff'
There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
Rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan, where it draws huge crowds.
While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed.
Rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Europa League participation could hamper Tottenham's hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League.
Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver escaping criticism is impossible as a manager.
Tottenham host Newcastle in the Premier League on Saturday.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured hatred of Pennie Davis during six-year relationship.
He ordered drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Carr accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot.
Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony.
The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads.
This was the second time Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years.
Asma believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion this season.
The Robins beat Bradford 6-0 at Valley Parade to secure their place in next season's Sky Bet Championship.
James Tavernier opened the scoring with a neat right-footed finish after 16minutes.
Joe Bryan doubled Bristol City's lead in the first half with a header.
Aden Flint, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the Robins.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative.
Angelina Jolie briefed the UN in her role as special envoy in New York on Friday.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action.
When asked about Jolie's planned briefing, Syria's U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari responded: 'She is beautiful'
Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from shelves.
Eggs are 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'
Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm.
The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Gena weighed only a few pounds and was a walking skeleton, for whom certain death was only days away.
Among the recently dead was Dutch girl Anne Frank whose diaries of persecution at the hands of the Nazis became world renowned.
Frank was living in the Netherlands when the Nazis seized it in 1940, leaving them trapped.
In 1942 they were forced into hiding in secret rooms hidden inside Otto Frank's office building.
Darren Goddard, 48, left behind 18-month-old son Lewis Helget, 27, in 1989.
He had moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi, who he married two years later.
Cody wandered into a bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday.
Fire crews worked for an hour and a half to rescue the horse.
The horse has been taken back to the stables to be seen by a vet.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday.
Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent.
The order will require campuses, golf courses, cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use.
Direct local governments to replace 50 million square feet of lawns throughout the state with drought-tolerant landscaping.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'
When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
Jamie Carragher believes Chelsea captain John Terry is the best defender to have ever graced the Premier League.
Terry led Jose Mourinho's side to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Chelsea now need just six points from five games to claim their first Premier League title since 2010.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook.
'Hey, Billy, Kyle at Maaco here. I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook, and I don't appreciate it at all,' she wrote.
Kandrick called Rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop's Facebook page.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman’s body in the boot of the car he was driving.
The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday.
Thomas Buckett, 21, plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight, and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result.
Staffordshire County Council said two other teenagers were cautioned for burglary and criminal damage in connection with the college break-in but no other charges were brought.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday.
Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years'
In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs and black individuals are First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman.
Joanna Biggs divides her workers in interesting categories.
The scope of the book is broad. We meet those who are selling, entertaining, thinking, caring.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have posted pictures from all their yogic adventures on Instagram.
The pair, who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond, do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds, showing off their impressive physical prowess.
They specialise in AcroVinyasa, a type of yoga that combines traditional practice with acrobatic flying.
Andy Murray is set to marry fiancée Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday.
There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends.
The only non-British player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries.
The symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea.
Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she took out her blue salbutamol inhaler.
She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat.
The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue.
After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose from the back.
Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18.
The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state – and allow the GOP to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a CIA annex nearby.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first.
His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday.
On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend.
Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over.
RHS is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife, improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures and flooding risks.
Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $75million.
If it sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990.
Flight BA144 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to Baku.
Passengers on the Mumbai to London flight reported of a problem with the engine.
Flight BA198 had set out from Mumbai, India for London at 1.30pm local time.
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy.
The couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down.
They retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades and features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart.
According to Michael Redwood, inevitable wind-ups surfaced 'whenever the devil inside' Peter O'Toole needed entertaining.
Ministers refused to give blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through.
Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz said he was 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved.
NBC is investigating allegations that Brian Williams misrepresented his reporting experiences in war zones.
Investigative journalists are looking at tales he's told about the Tahrir Square uprising in early 2011.
A February clip from Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse.
However, there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour' and descended into violence.
The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London.
At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and garden.
The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for QPR this season.
Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team.
QPR striker will be monitored by Roy Hodgson and Ray Lewington.
Police called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside.
Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area.
A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom.
England are the most successful team in the history of the competition, but it has been announced that they will not be fielding a side in the competition.
It is understood the decision has been sped up by Sky Sports' move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday.
The 28-year-old suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser.
While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle.
He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned the car.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular'
He said a visit from the party leader to the seat, which is currently held by the Lib Dems, would not 'do us any favours'
Anthony Joshua will fight Jason Gavern for the first time in 2015.
The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts.
Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career.
Patrick Bamford scored his 15th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wigan.
The on-loan Chelsea striker equalled Hamilton Ricard's tally in the 1998-99 Premier League season.
Malky Mackay's side remain five points adrift of safety at the top of the Championship.
The quintessential Big Apple thoroughfare thronged with color on Sunday afternoon.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers.
Lord Janner, 86, will not face child sex charges because he has dementia.
The former Labour MP claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years.
He has a BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels, but has not been called for interview.
Mr Davies, from Merthyr Tydfil, says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing.
PJ Spraggins, from Birmingham, Alabama, lost 145lbs in one year.
His blood pressure was too high to perform kidney transplant in December 2014.
The next day, he was told he needed to lose more.
After a year of grueling dieting and exercise, he got the green light.
In February, the couple went under the knife together.
Can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?
Leicester are just three points from safety in the Premier League.
Nigel Pearson has urged his players to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals.
The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday after back-to-back wins.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent.
The 29-year-old died when his silver Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 between Burton Agnes and Haisthorpe, near Bridlington, East Yorkshire, on November 19 last year.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices.
Periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
39% of voters now say they will back the Tories compared to 33% for Labour.
It comes after Tories unveiled pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes.
Comes after series of polls suggested Labour had pulled slightly ahead of Tories.
Witnesses told police that pastor Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.
Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession'
Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission.
Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election.
The 24-year-old made the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan.
Mr Cameron died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
In Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom, Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon saying that she's happy to have grown up to be just like her.
The heartwarming epistolary book, which was published last week, has arrived just in time for Mother's Day on May 10.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last May.
Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Against overwhelming odds Redman recovered, and on March 24 he helped lead his team to its very first championship title.
Unfortunately, Huber was not there to celebrate with Redman.
Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs at ANZ Stadium.
But fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute.
As referees, officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time, a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday.
The 23-year-old has been out for five months with a host of injuries.
Ray Parlour has backed the Arsenal midfielder to be the club's future.
Parlour won three FA Cups under Arsene Wenger, including in 2002.
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery.
The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later.
Animal control officers started getting calls on April 5 about the bird and found it after a call from Hole 5 at the Anaheim Hills Golf Course on April 8.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
Xabi Alonso has won three Champions Leagues with three different clubs.
The Spaniard admits he has his sights on personal glory.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing.
Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with Tasers.
They then stun him again, and again, as lies face-down on the ground.
As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch.
Then, one deputy draws back his leg and swings it at the suspect's head.
After beating, a deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over'
San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave.
Tim Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy.
Pochettino insists Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane.
Aston Villa host Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Saturday.
Spurs occupy sixth place in the table, seven points off Champions League qualification places.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week.
Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
More than a dozen Australians are reported missing after the earthquake in Nepal.
Ballantyne Forder, 20, who had been reported missing, has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones.
Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche.
Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter.
Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria, and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59, who are believed to be missing following
Ukip leader said he was ‘jealous’ of how Cameron has reversed greying process.
Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side.
Willian wants his team-mates to stay focused in their final eight games.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning.
Pilot Andreas Lubitz left the cockpit to give a pre-flight speech.
Mr Kelly said he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly.
Lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in Europe in recent history.
Two-bedroom terraced property was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915.
Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline.
But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away.
Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is in charge of selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday.
The Disney worker told authorities he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at Disney.
Kai Windsor started life as a girl and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body.
Christened Kaia, he would shun traditional girls’ toys in favour of kicking a ball around.
At four, he refused to wear dresses – and at six he wanted his hair cut short.
By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: 'I'm really a boy'
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK.
He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist.
Determined not to let the experiences put him off, he is now dating a third Gambian woman.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday.
He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home.
Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement.
The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star, who famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990
Prince Harry took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans.
The 30-year-old was filmed howling with excitement as the Spitfire performed a loop over the English Cennel.
He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force tomorrow.
Allie Davis, 21, delivered her beau the ten-question document yesterday.
She informed him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'
She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter, revealing that her boyfriend had passed with a score of 80 per cent.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole.
Instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl.
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave.
Wenger has only used Walcott up front this season.
The England wideman has made just five starts for the Gunners.
Arsene Wenger has only briefly experimented with Walcott as a striker.
Alex Impey, a father-of-two, says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness.
The medicinal marijuana is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill.
Some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram.
His three-year-old daughter, Larisa, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy.
British company Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron.
But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Rangers will play Hearts at Tynecastle in their final game of the season on May 3.
Stuart McCall's side have lodged formal complaints with the SPFL.
Hibernian chief executive Leanne Dempster and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge condemned the move.
Labour leader refused several chances to say his deputy would get second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10.
The snub comes just three days after Harriet Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'
The restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves'
Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government, describing its approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'
The former Liberal treasurer said there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher, more complicated and less economic.
The Abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on May 12.
An experiment tracked stolen data from California as it travelled the globe.
It found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks.
Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia.
Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini had been in Jose Mourinho's thoughts all week.
Mourinho had planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the Belgian midfielder.
But he was told by a hotel doorman that the Manchester United man was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am local time on Thursday.
Rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway.
Crew members reported that the ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the Kamchatka Peninsula.
It tipped over when a fishing net weighing 80 tons was pulled in.
Vin Los, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face alone, including the words 'guilty', 'play', and 'famous'
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Catalans have already met the French giants twice this season.
They triumphed 3-1 on home soil at the Nou Camp, but were defeated 3-2 in their last trip to the French capital.
The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike.
He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern.
But it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public.
Joe Root hit 182 not out in the morning session on day four of the second Test.
Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets.
Stuart Broad eventually took the wicket of Darren Bravo.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning.
He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night.
Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1.
Michelle, 27, unveiled as face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range last month.
Says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed.
Day began in London with dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner.
Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall.
Earlier the Queen joined 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at Gallipoli to honour the bravery of the Allied troops who stormed the peninsula's beaches in 1915.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday in August 1990.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance.
The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time.
Arizona's The Wave is made of sand dunes which turned to rock through time.
The Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are the chimneys of their hidden residences.
There are no marked hiking tracks to get you there, as authorities are keen to preserve its natural beauty.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers.
When the posted initial price is of a round number, like $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time.
The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Jenson Button failed to start the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis said: 'The engine is not broken'
Giuliana Rancic recently revealed Jerry O'Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago.
Jerry and Rebecca went on to marry in 2007 and have two children together.
Perth Glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years.
Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone, with FFA claiming the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players.
Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict.
Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey.
Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month.
The Twenty-eight-year-old was not selected for the forthcoming Ashes.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday.
Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm after suffering a serious knee injury.
The Spain international has thanked the German club for their support.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs.
'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary.
Hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005.
The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier that killed two Turks.
Officials had said Friday three people were killed.
An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year.
Dani Alves is out of contract at the end of the season.
Barcelona have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third depending on the number of games played in the second year.
United are the prime suspects with PSG out of the running.
Devendra Bishoo will play against England in the second Test in Grenada.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed the spinner will play.
The 29-year-old comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulieman Benn.
Rory McIlroy and Jamie Dornan took part in a game of Circular Soccer.
McIlroy defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown at the Masters.
The World No 1 is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child.
Ibrahim Jalloh and Bengali Sherrif were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice.
Sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison.
Jalloh’s trial is reportedly yet to commence.
Robert Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and dumped in a rice field near Sedang Village, Bali.
The 60-year-old businessman was set upon in his own Bali kitchen by the killers who slashed his throat 'like a pig'
His Indonesian wife Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids, faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder.
Robert Durst, 71, has sent bizarre letter to reporter Molly Hennessey-Fiske, who has been covering his case since his arrest in March.
The letter, post-marked April 1st in Baton Rouge, specifically states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials'
It also rambles on about Durst's thoughts on life in southern California.
In sloppy handwritten text with grammar mistakes, Durst spoke about places he lived in the city 'part-time' from 2008 to 2011.
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research.
Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10.
Research says the amount spent by the Government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘still way too low’
AP McCoy won the Grand National in 2010 on Don't Push It.
McCoy has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his 25-year career.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a'safety ridge' cut off oxygen to her brain.
West Sussex coroner Penelope Schofield has issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot.
She has called for urgent action to be taken to prevent future deaths.
Takako Konishi, 28, had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars that had been buried in the snow.
It was claimed that she had believed the film Fargo was real - after all the hit movie begins with the words 'This is a true story'
But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from Tokyo who could not speak English.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight.
Called project 'Beijing Warmth' to raise a smile with stressed-out residents.
Artist Xiao Wang said living and working in Beijing is ‘very stressful’
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday, 1.30pm)
Richard Dunne is close to a return but will not be considered.
Yun Suk-young and Eduardo Vargas also out for QPR.
Diego Costa ruled out for Blues with hamstring injury.
Cesc Fabregas will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield.
Marc Carn, 29, was drinking in Irish bar with ten friends near Las Ramblas.
Father-of-four went missing after failing to turn up for flight home from Barcelona.
His worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down.
They said his disappearance was out of character and he would miss twins' birthday.
But today he handed himself into the British Consulate after walking for 20 hours.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One.
Midfielder Dean Bowditch had only been on for a few seconds when a clearance by defender Mitchell Lund hit him on the head and looped into the net.
Jermaine Beckford scored a brace for Preston to help his side defeat Notts County 3-1 on Tuesday.
The grey ‘stealth’ speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year – a quarter more than in the previous year.
Increase put down to the introduction of ‘smart motorways’ which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban.
Animal welfare charity said the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions'
The organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs.
Holmesburg Prison in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was built in 1895.
It housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury.
Since its closure in 1996, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent as the building slowly wastes away.
Archive of medical journals from the prison revealed that some tests were carried out with the hopes of finding lifesaving treatments.
Prisoners were deliberately exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete's foot.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat.
United are now 11 points clear of Chelsea in the Premier League.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said: 'We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment'
But he added: 'So we will pursue an independent perspective, the next Labour government, but on the issue of Trident: would but we could get rid of it'
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship.
Cavani has been linked with a summer exit from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Homeless Period project aims to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle.
The team behind the campaign, Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them.
Men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia.
Move comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark 70th anniversary of end of Second World War.
SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as Greens.
'I don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she told ITV's The Agenda.
Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Miliband’s hopes of achieving an overall majority.
'Boomerang generation' living at home even in their twenties and thirties.
Experts claim grown-up children are unaware they are pushing parents into debt.
Three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have one.
DVLA accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour after figures show clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in October last year.
Drivers have faced bills of up to £800 to get impounded vehicles back.
Retrosweat is an Eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of Jane Fonda's iconic workouts.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying.
Her doting dad decided to try out his terrifying impersonation.
The wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique.
Obama and Castro are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama.
The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s.
Speculation is high that a result could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run eight marathons between January and September 2015 - covering 337.5 kilometres.
His 'Eight Great States' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013.
Malachy brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life, showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome.
The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak as a tribute to U.S. servicemen who have died in combat.
Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train.
Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing.
A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident to come forward.
President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia.
While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News’ chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired this
Images of Manchester United's home, away and third strips leaked online.
The Red Devils have signed a £750million deal with adidas for 2015-16.
Adidas designed the club's kits for 12 years between 1980-92.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres.
The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9, which today hoped to prove that reusable rockets are viable.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon.
The 26-year-old English and drama teacher went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner.
Ms Scott's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne.
Clarke defended The Australian as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia'
Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that'
Mr Clarke also rejected allegations recently published by Fairfax Media alleging $4.5 billion had been siphoned from Mr Murdoch's Australian operations to the United States virtually tax free.
The Australian arms of technology giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are being audited by the Australian Tax Office.
New generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet your needs.
Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes.
Harvey Nichols' newly-launched Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service for make-up.
A huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle of a car in Victoria.
The driver sprayed his car with insect repellent to stop the spider.
After enduring enough of the spray, the spider retreated underneath the vehicle.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses'
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month deal.
Former England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision to switch codes but believes it could be an inspired decision.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, became Britain's youngest sex swap patient.
At 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for treatment.
But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition became too much and she called a halt to it.
Now, having realised she can't go on as a man again and has to pay for her treatment privately, Rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams.
First on her list is a £4,500 breast enlargement and surgery to remove her male genitalia.
Australian woman Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died in Mexico last month.
She was admitted to Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California.
Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient the year before her death.
The Australian Medical Association has warned Australians of the danger of travelling to developing countries for cosmetic surgery.
Police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer.
Police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air.
Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, won £7,864,529 Lotto jackpot.
He gave notice as shift manager at Caledonia Produce the next day.
His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam by winning the Masters.
The Northern Irishman heads to Augusta National heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career.
Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era.
Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident.
He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time.
West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Chairman Sir David Walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as Barclays’ share price has plunged since the financial crisis.
FBI released images of unidentified man they are trying to trace.
They believe he may have 'critical information' to help them find victim.
One picture does not show any abuse taking place but shows man posing with girl.
Investigators stressed the dark-haired man is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
The fly was captured enjoying itself as it fastened its big tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste.
Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak, the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free.
The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it.
Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off.
But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Hampshire police launched the hunt after Ashya King was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August.
Staff and officers claimed £12,712.97 in overtime over six days.
A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, £792 on flights, £132 on travel and parking, £213 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report to the CPS.
One of the escapees is violent killer Robert Donovan, 57.
His disappearance only emerged last year, four years after he walked out.
Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, has the worst record for prison escapes.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot.
The MoS analysis suggests that Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory.
Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight.
Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
They are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page on Thursday.
The England flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season after spells with Stade Francais, Ricoh Black Rams and Highlanders in New Zealand.
Haskell has become a big part of the England squad with 57 caps to date.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said abuse started when windows to Tower View Hotel were shattered.
Said man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack in Blackpool.
Also claims to have had stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on reality TV show.
She said: 'Where does all this hatred come from?'
Revellers in a remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire.
Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames.
The ritual, locally known as Chutiya Manda Puja, is organized every year to 'protect the village from natural calamities and epidemics'
Participants have to adhere to a strict diet to prepare for what is known as Agni Pareeksha, meaning trial by fire.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City.
Orlando have a huge Latin-American fanbase and are coached by Adrian Heath.
Manchester United have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
PSG, Juventus, PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord are all interested.
Harriet Harman refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares.
Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she told LBC Radio: ‘We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax, we will put up the top rate'
George Osborne said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the ‘fuel duty escalator’ scrapped by the Coalition in 2011.
Stacey Johnson, 22, from Hertfordshire, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007.
She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
Her sister, Dannii, 20, has also been diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sisters were both born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and bumps, although they do not know if it is related to their development of brain tumours.
They have now set up a charity providing days out for children with terminal illnesses.
Graeme Dott is through to the second round of the Betfred World Championship.
The 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line.
He beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield on Sunday.
Janet Brown's naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs of her home.
The 51-year-old mother-of-three was beaten to death in her own home in 1995.
Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery.
Mrs Brown's daughters Roxanne and Zara described her as a 'kind and loving nurse'
If it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding.
You can spot dolphins at Cardigan Bay - the dolphin capital of Britain.
The red squirrels at National Trust Formby have hung on against all the odds.
Terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows execution of six men.
Men accused of exploding car bomb 'killed innocent people' in al-Mayadin.
They are all marched to a wooden stump and ordered to kneel before being beheaded.
Executioner then takes their heads off with a sharpened blade.
The six-minute long video was posted online on April 5.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in August 2013.
His parents, Donna and Peter Lane, broke down as they listened to 911 call.
Chancey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder.
Lane, from Melbourne, was on a baseball scholarship with Oklahoma's East Central University.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull.
Australian driver finished third quickest in practice ahead of Chinese Grand Prix.
Daniil Kvyat forced to pull off track 19 minutes from end of FP2.
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, shed more than three stone.
The mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
She hit her target weight in December 2014, shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb.
Her colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger model.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head.
Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request.
Now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers could recall Dejan Lovren for the game.
Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently, but could return.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Britt McHenry, a Washington D.C.-based sports reporter for ESPN, has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant surfaced online this week.
The 28-year-old, who hails from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office.
McHenry continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera.
Binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand.
Says faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago.
They repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition.
Mansi, from Feltham, London, did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life.
But Pritesh's sister Hiral Shah, 32, stepped in and offered to carry the couple's baby - and after IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting.
26-year-old holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon.
Her obsession with the Japanese characters started at the age of nine.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the world's most famous landscapes.
The iconic Arc De Triomphe was constructed in 1806, and is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the Champs-Élysées.
Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists, Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979.
Powers' on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen.
This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds.
The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts this season.
United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer which allowed Real Madrid to first loan Hernandez then buy him outright before other clubs could bid.
Barcelona eased to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Luis Suarez opened the scoring with a brilliant second-half double.
Neymar added a third before Luis Suarez sealed the win.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow.
The 12-year-old cat has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder.
Carol Chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in the 1980s.
She was charged as part of Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation.
Former pupils at St Paul's School include Chancellor George Osborne.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water.
She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm.
Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order.
Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the Bureau of Land Management yesterday.
At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records, Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said.
Leanne Bourne, a mother-of-four from Romford, Essex, began to suspect that her partner Steve Knipe was having an affair.
But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe.
Three years on, Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happened.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO.
Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury against Burnley last week.
The England international has undergone surgery but will be out for several months.
Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Samantha Cameron has ruled out adding to the family in Number 10.
The couple were insistent that they are not planning more children.
She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign, and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early.
Pierre Collins, 33, has been arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10.
The boy's body was pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday.
Police said on Sunday the boy's father, Pierre Collins, was a primary suspect in the case.
Collins has said he is innocent.
A timeline for charging will be determined by the Hennepin County Attorney's office.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing'
Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl Liu Siying.
The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism, which condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking: 'I did not think too much about it at all'
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Gianluigi Buffon has no immediate plans to retire but says it would be a waste to quit now when he is in top form.
The 37-year-old made three important saves to deny Monaco an away goal.
Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing.
Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder Damian Vanya.
The 15-year-old had dumped her for a classmate after a year of relationship.
But police set up a sting operation, sending undercover officer to pose as hitman.
He filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her ex-lover in the Russian city of Shatura.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash.
The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday.
She was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same time the girl was abducted.
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014.
He claimed that he went to bed at 12.30am and then awoke beside his car.
But prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his Nissan Navara after being involved in a collision with a Citroen Berlingo.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in October 2014.
The eight-year-old had already run several half marathons and raised $1,700 for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy.
Lota underwent his fourth round of brain surgery on April 1.
Gibbons have one of the loudest calls in the natural world, creating whoops that can travel for miles through the dense forests where they live.
Scientists studied gibbons around the forests of Mo Singto in Khao Yai National Park, north east Thailand recording their calls and behaviour.
They found that the gibbons produced individual hoo calls in different situations, including when they were foraging, when they encountered neighbours, during duet songs and when they detected predators.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal at the top of the Premier League.
The Blues travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face their nearest rivals.
Oscar hopes that winning the title this season can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40-60m.
Crystal Palace boss says all his players are 'undervalued'
Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Palace's 4-1 win at Sunderland on April 11.
Young Star Wars fan met his hero R2D2 at a Star Wars convention.
The pair began spinning around each other in circles in the corridor.
He was dressed in a t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair.
As the youngster made his way down the corridor the robot followed him.
AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National.
McCoy has three rides at Ayr today - Sea Lord, Upsilon Bleu and Lettheriverrundry – but is not expected to ride again until the Sandown next weekend.
The 29-year-old had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks.
He had just left the military and was in between jobs when he came to hospital.
Doctors examined him and carried out MRI scans on his hand.
They discovered he had ruptured a tendon in his thumb, and would need surgery to repair it.
Candy Crush Saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since 2012.
England posted 373-6 at stumps on day three of the second Test in Grenada.
Captain Alastair Cook scored 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top.
Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Ballance, Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes departed deep into the final session.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City.
He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired NYPD officer named Robert Muller.
Muller was let off the hook, claiming it was Corrales who jumped on the hood of his car after telling him; 'Get out the car tough guy'
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night.
Liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the Italian, concluding some time ago that he has no future at Anfield.
Rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker.
He knew Jose Mourinho considered him ‘unmanageable’ and listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from the members of his staff who had encountered the troublesome striker.
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on Top Gear.
The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked.
Tim Sherwood takes on Chris Ramsey at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Rangers will leapfrog Sherwood's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win.
Sherwood has guided Villa to an FA Cup semi-final, with Blackburn or Liverpool lying in wait on Sunday week.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington, D.C.
Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates.
The shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.D. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC.
They then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media.
Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
Braylon Robinson was playing at house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled the trigger.
The bullet struck the baby boy in the face, and he was later pronounced dead.
Now, investigators are trying to determine where the gun came from - and identity of person responsible.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since February.
There have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded.
But Oscar insists he is happy at Stamford Bridge and will stay.
Chelsea currently have a seven-point lead in the Premier League.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews.
Stoll, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the Las Vegas hotel on Friday.
The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Piper Kulk, 8, and her brother William, 9, died in a head-on crash on Saturday.
Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road when it collided with a ute.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred.
Russian Night Wolves motorcycle gang camped out on Polish border after being banned from entering country for World War II memorial ride.
Group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland.
Poland is extremely critical of Russian actions in Ukraine, and is disturbed that the Night Wolves has rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia's annexation of Crimea.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013.
Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana.
In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
A fed up resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.
'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read.
Other locals were 'horrified' by the letter, with Marina Daillecourt 'not a fan' of the tone of the note.
The value of some coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent.
Celebrities such as Kate Middleton have driven the craze.
A-list stars Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday.
Dick Advocaat was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry.
The 67-year-old insists his thoughts are trained on three points and not the notion of regional bragging rights.
David Cameron backs royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth.
Cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options.
He also praised the NHS, saying: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people'
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years.
She wore a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif.
Social media lit up as both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Everton players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday.
Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session.
The fun-filled occasion included games of head tennis and shooting drills overseen by Roberto Martinez and his coaching staff.
Dino Maglio, 35, has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl.
Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking.
Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was'stupid' to spike her drink.
He was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and €15,000 to her mother.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period.
Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence.
The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league.
Men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues.
They didn't pick up a single mention of football, while women were discussed only occasionally.
The 216 prisoners, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect.
They were taken away by ambulances and buses to receive treatment and care.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed.
Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies.
Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics.
Twitter users quickly began to poke fun at the group after doubts over the page emerged.
Lucy Scott created Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year.
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in the win.
Mauricio Pochettino is convinced Kane can improve further.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques.
Claimed work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth, Wales.
Mother-of-two signed six cheques totalling £30,000 to cowboy builder Lee Slocombe.
Cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in central China.
Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud.
The cloud appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi.
Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S.
BMW says the air bag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles' mat detection system from sensing a passenger sitting in the front seat during a severe crash.
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India.
To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated, dumping the ward to the ground.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The German has been in charge for seven years and won the Bundesliga twice.
Klopp has vowed to win as many games as he can in the summer.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009.
She was reported missing by her father when she failed to turn up for work.
A 60-year-old man was arrested in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said.
Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died.
The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands.
Odion Ighalo scored Watford's equaliser in the 45th minute at the iPro Stadium.
Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a strike into the bottom corner.
Marco Motta saw red just before half-time for bringing down Johnny Russell in the area.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, faced growing calls to stand down.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an Establishment cover-up.
Even her predecessor said horrific allegations should have been resolved in the 'full public glare of a courtroom' rather than her London office.
Elijah McKenna, 11, was mauled by three rottweilers near his grandmother's home in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday.
His hearing-impaired sister, Alyssa, 9, saved Elijah's life by running over and picking him up.
The injured boy, who turned 11 Tuesday, is now learning to walk again.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years.
He began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy.
Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers, a court heard.
Howard was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock.
Jose Mourinho was asked 'how hard did Arsene Wenger push you?'
The Chelsea manager was visibly surprised by the question.
Mourinho insisted there were 'no problems' with the Arsenal boss.
The pair clashed on the sidelines at Stamford Bridge last season.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority were more impressed with the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband.
A separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip’s vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse, all from Utah, have both transitioned gender.
Church doctrine states that anyone who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized.
However, they have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe - often with the help of local Mormon leaders.
Morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss, while also leading to large sores on the body.
Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow.
Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits'
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday.
The 20-time champion jockey will be attending the wedding of one of wife Chanelle’s friends.
McCoy has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer to a match with a tasty side bet riding on the outcome.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 1-0 at Ashton Gate on Tuesday.
Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the hosts.
Swindon chairman Lee Power accused Steve Cotterill of 'lacking class'
Richie Benaud passed away at the age of 84 at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Shane Warne has paid tribute to Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals including a hat-trick in the first half.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Alvaro Arbeloa added a second for Granada just before half-time.
Comic books must go through 'quite a lot of layers' to get on air.
Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall.
Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate scandal, says Chris Sussman.
Carlo Ancelotti was a hero after guiding Real Madrid to their 10th European Cup triumph last year.
But he is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at Real Madrid.
Real have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 (six defeats in 19 outings)
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the Champions League semi-finals.
Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez were part of David Moyes' failing side last season.
Pique spent time at Old Trafford between two spells with Barcelona.
Lindsay Lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as The Parent Trap, Freaky Friday and Mean Girls.
The now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons.
Johnny Depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility.
Petra Kvitova beat world no 29 Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6-0.
Czech Republic will face Germany or Russia in the final in November.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man.
Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed wife of ten years Mandy eight times.
She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso, chest, arms and back.
Tulip Siddiq, a former aide to Ed Miliband, is standing for Labour in Hampstead.
She was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh.
A smiling Ms Siddiq was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina.
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday.
Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am.
Robert Downey Jnr stormed out of Channel 4 interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison.
The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London.
He had been on good form when the exchange started - in which, as arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in Britain on Tuesday.
But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons.
Vladimir Bukovsky has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s.
It came after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda.
Bukovsky managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
He has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates Court next month.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday.
BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event.
Burger and King said they'shaking' and 'blown away' after getting the good news.
The footprints were found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, 1.5 million years ago.
They are the oldest human footprints in the world.
It provides some of the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors that left the prints - Homo erectus - were sophisticated hunters.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house Friday morning and into the driveway.
He did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans.
This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
Adelaide was the cycling mecca of the world, with 20 teams of Lycra-clad pros and their supporters tearing up the roads.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix ever did.
A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs fears there would have been crowd trouble if he'd agreed to have his team form a guard of honour for Hearts in the Edinburgh derby.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners at Easter Road.
The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days.
Around 35 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued after being held in life rafts.
Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin.
The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states - New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland.
He celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over Newcastle last weekend.
That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three.
The 67-year-old does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland's survival attempts.
Suspect: Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire used to radicalise Muslims.
Those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have an ulterior motive'
Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her beachside home.
She wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused.
Environmental body says it may result in 'direct loss' of natural habitat.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US.
The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
That would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear following their £750m, 10-year agreement with adidas.
But there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early has been agreed.
Jim Ratcliffe wants to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a 'carbon neutral' mansion.
The 62-year-old businessman is based in Switzerland and claims that the new house will be his only UK residence.
Proposed mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and uses renewable energy such as solar power.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final.
Senad Lulic's late goal secured Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win.
The Biancoceleste face Empoli in the Italian capital on Sunday.
Poundland is Europe's largest single-price discount retailer with sales exceeding £1billion.
It has taken sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
Research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
A sickening propaganda image has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria.
Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.
Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
The stunning images were captured on the River Li in Guilin, China, by a Russian photographer called Viktoriia Rogotneva.
Sailing peacefully across the river, the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, first practiced in 960 AD.
They release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL.
The 27-year-old posted an offensive comment on Instagram on Saturday.
Luke was forced to leave the field after sustaining a head knock during the NRL match between the Canterbury Bulldogs and the South Sydney Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium on Friday night.
He had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the Easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash.
Patrick Barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of Enterprise Neptune.
National Trust bought up the wilder shores to preserve their wildness.
Analysts at CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center watch graphic videos all day.
Analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, bouts of grief, and periods of depression.
CIA doctor: 'They're being exposed to material that we're not exposed to broadly in America'
The Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
Pictures of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Ricky Dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded leader of satanic cult.
Children were tortured by their mother and her partner, who attacked them.
Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad.
Mr Dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine, currently in care.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory, including equalling the  18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997.
The Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie.
It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to a four-shot victory Sunday.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe.
The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning.
Assistant manager Gary Waddock will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of the clash with Stevenage tomorrow.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday.
She gained notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media.
People urged her to sell the gun and buy another TV while others prayed for her.
Temperatures are expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today.
This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F)
The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday when a high of 21.9C (71.4F) was recorded in London.
LeBron James helped his team to a 114-88 win over the Miami Heat.
Kyrie Irving and Dwyane Wade also scored 23 points apiece.
James passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London after obtaining memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor.
In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet.
Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead.
Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par came to an end.
Binge drinking as a teenager can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA.
This, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism.
Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour.
However, researchers discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester City in the Premier League would be up there with the best.
The Argentinian midfielder has won all the major European competitions a player can during his illustrious career.
Leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table.
Nigel Pearson's side face West Ham United on Saturday.
Real Madrid face local rivals Atletico Madrid at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat Atletico in six attempts this season.
Marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about recent form.
The last time Real beat their local rivals was in the Champions League final last season.
Charlie Adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea.
David Beckham struck from inside the own half for Manchester United in 1996.
Xabi Alonso scored twice in his own-half for Liverpool in 2006 and 2009.
Moritz Stoppelkamp of Paderborn also scored against Hanover.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore blue and black frock for BBC contenders' debate.
Tony Pulis says Jeremy Peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on.
West Brom chairman is open to offers for the Midlands club.
Peace set a June deadline to seal any deal.
The Baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May after cancelling the contract of Younis Khan.
Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon announced in a statement that Younus made his international intentions clear on Sunday.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille this summer.
The 25-year-old striker is free to talk to foreign clubs.
Swansea are interested in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs.
Students at Wellington College, Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam.
The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
It is believed to have occurred when a teacher changed a text on a spreadsheet without notifying other staff.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City's party scene.
The male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2.
Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring in the 55th minute for Cardiff.
Craig Davies doubled the visitors' lead in the 73rd minute.
Emile Heskey made it 2-0 five minutes later with his second goal of the game.
Bolton look to have secured their Sky Bet Championship status.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand.
Kenton Lee came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small.
The ingenious invention even runs on power generated by the swing of your foot as you walk.
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex.
He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an affair.
Couple agreed to stay together but he stabbed her eight times with a kitchen knife.
The 73-year-old also hired a private investigator to follow her car journeys.
On the day of the attack, Amanda tried to get out of the car but was dragged back in and held down by her husband so she could not escape.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas on Thursday morning.
He was a freshman at McKinney Boyd High, but had reportedly asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students.
College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Georgia, Abbie Deloach, 21, of Savannah, Catherine Pittman, 21 and Caitlyn Baggett, 21 were killed in the crash Wednesday morning.
A tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on Interstate 16, setting off a deadly chain reaction.
Fellow students Brittney McDaniel and Megan Richards survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 on Wednesday.
The Pelicans needed to win to secure the second seed in the Western Conference playoffs.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in the Thunder's 138-113 victory over Minnesota that was rendered moot by New Orleans' play-off-clinching win over San Antonio.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the cash boost would be paid for.
Osborne said it would come from the Conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year.
Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
After vowing to lose weight for her wedding day, she joined Weight Watchers in June last year and has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months.
Maison Souquet is located just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge theatre in the Pigalle district of Paris.
The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism' and the property's butlers are on hand to assist guests with everything.
Of the 20 rooms, 14 are deluxe offerings and 6 - including two especially lavish apartments - are suites.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found.
They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage.
A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge.
The 65-year-old Olympic gold medalist and reality TV star made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night.
He said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when he was asked about LGBT issues - and replied 'yes' when asked if he was a Republican.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears.
Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes.
Industry insiders say the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Dutch club Feyenoord next season.
The 34-year-old signed a one-year contract with the club.
Kuyt spent nine years at Liverpool and Fenerbahce.
Rajpal Singh, 34, had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries over a three year period.
He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets.
Doctors were amazed when an endoscopy (a long thin tube with a camera attached) revealed the hundreds of foreign objects in his stomach.
Mr Singh claims he didn't realise his stomach pain was due to his habit of eating metal objects.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014.
He said he wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'
'I just kind of obsessed over that one photo for a couple of hours that evening and then tried to forget about it,' he said.
Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect.
If they aren't in Nevada, they may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, North Las Vegas police Officer Aaron Patty said.
David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign.
He was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'
Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Ed Miliband launched manifesto.
Mr Cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years.
He's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month.
The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing.
Former Manchester United midfielder Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked a shadow of his former self during Barcelona's 1-0 La Liga win over Celta Vigo.
The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a Barcelona shirt.
Fortune claims Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar's body language during the match.
University of South Florida, in a joint project with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida.
Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center.
Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
Other areas in the training center are used to teach deputies how to safely drive during chases, shoot a gun and subdue airplane hostage t
The 12-year-old victim was walking underneath a road in Newbury, Berkshire.
Two boys approached him and sprayed him with highly flammable WD40.
They threatened to set him alight before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him.
Officers from Thames Valley Police are now hunting the pair.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan.
The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies.
He said: 'I'm happy to announce I'm the new brand ambassador of Pak Reds'
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in the hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad for England this summer.
Charles Tillman has signed a two-year deal with the Carolina Panthers.
Tillman was a stalwart of the Chicago Bears defense for 12 years.
The 34-year-old opted to link-up with Ron Rivera after another injury-hit season.
Hull face Southampton at the KC Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Steve Bruce admits his side need some 'crazy results' if they are to avoid relegation.
The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins last week.
John Terry has been his best season in a Chelsea shirt.
Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice - that is the gap Wenger’s side need to bridge.
Manchester City are dreaming of Pep Guardiola but it's unlikely the Bayern boss will make the move to City.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administration’s stance on LGBT issues.
Toni Duggan says England will fear nobody at this summer's World Cup.
Manchester City striker has 11 goals in 16 games for her country.
Duggan has recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year.
The 23-year-old scored 10 times in a World Cup qualification campaign.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August.
It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk.
The video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight.
The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police.
Tommy Connolly, a 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy.
Angela* (not her real name) added Mr Connolly on Facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years.
Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat and took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy.
The champion sprinter says he doesn't mind the impact of his social life, as most of his friends are athletes
Bruce Jenner and Linda Thompson met at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children.
They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody.
Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night - that he identified as a woman.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada.
His 31st career hat-trick equalled Lionel Messi's record in La Liga.
Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches against Granada, but compared with some, they have got off quite lightly.
Here, we take a look at the clubs who have suffered the most.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces in manifesto.
It includes several photographs of the party's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid.
Mr Farage said premise was wrong, with picture of immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
Hillary Clinton will be 69 when she takes office in January 2017.
If successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House.
A black-and-white image posted on her Twitter account this weekend showed a very young Clinton pointing at the camera, accompanied by the phrase 'Hillary's counting on you'
Mario Mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach during the clash at the Calderon that ended 0-0.
The Croatian striker also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss Saturday's 2-1 win at Deportivo La Coruna in La Liga but he is now back in training although showing the marks of his encounter with Ramos.
A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high.
ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel topped the poll.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, followed pensioners home from the Post Office after collecting their pensions.
If the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them.
In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office.
Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-
Elderly couple were going to shop in Peacehaven, Lewes, East Sussex.
The 84-year-old woman suffered serious head injuries and broken bones.
She was comforted by a Tesco employee who held her in her arms.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after heavy rain.
The world No 1 has won each of the four majors at Augusta National.
But a wet course will play into his hands at the Masters on Sunday.
Leeds beat Castleford 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle on Good Friday.
The Rhinos had beaten Wigan and Catalans Dragons in Kevin Sinfield's absence.
Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career.
German banking giant Deutsche Bank will pay $2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig LIBOR interest rates, US and British authorities said on Thursday.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world.
Deutsche Bank agreed to plead guilty to a US charge of wire fraud, a criminal offense, in connection with the scam and admitted participating in price-fixing conspiracy with other banks.
Nicola Sturgeon has denied telling French ambassador that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10.
The SNP leader also suggested that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material.
Ms Sturgeon told supporters today that she had written to Sir Jeremy Heywood to demand an official investigation into the leaked memo.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said.
He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college.
During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina.
Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said Castro 'lived a full life of exemplary service to Arizona and its people'
US President Barack Obama said on Saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with Iran's contested nuclear program.
He said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States.
Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal.
China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards.
She met Sean Penn shortly after his high-profile split with Madonna in 1989.
But by personal choice, Robin's acting career dwindled rapidly after her Golden Globe nominated performance in Forest Gump cemented the mega-star career of her co-star Tom Hanks.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on Thursday.
He fled his home in San Bernardino County, California, after Sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges.
At the end of the two-and-a-half-hour chase, he was hit with a taser and he fell to the ground.
Pusok claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'
In an interview on Monday, P
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Kane should win PFA Player of the Year award.
Kane could become first Spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since Gary Lineker achieved feat 27 years ago.
Sheffield Wednesday held Bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at Dean Court on Saturday.
Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage the draw.
The Cherries are unbeaten in 10 Championship games this season.
The idea of another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters.
It comes after Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Ms Sturgeon has also vehemently criticised David Cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on Europe.
Liam Ridgewell's family are visiting Portland for the start of the new MLS season.
The 30-year-old defender has been training with the Timbers Under-9s one day.
Ridgewell says the atmosphere at Providence Park is special.
Portland face Seattle Sounders on Monday at 2:30am UK time.
Police were making final security checks outside St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
They were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans.
Among them was John Loughery, 60, a self-confessed royal'superfan'
He camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 Royal Wedding.
Carole Middleton emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday.
Suggested Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be.
The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider.
'Today we move on. Of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study.
Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms.
The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne.
They packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover.
However they struggled to fit the large loot into the boot and lost about a third of their loot.
The men are wanted for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area.
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement.
The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams.
Lawyers had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a Baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent.
In his order the judge praised the attorneys for achieving 'extraordinary results,' and called the settlement 'unprecedented'
Ed Miliband admitted that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride.
It centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the National Union of Mineworkers.
New York writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice.
The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle.
She had gone with her 19-year-old daughter Kanta to wash their clothes in the river.
As they were wringing out their laundry, a mugger crocodile grabbed Kanta's leg.
Kanta suffered a leg injury after the crocodile dragged her into the murky river.
Victor Moses has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment.
The winger damaged his hamstring against West Ham on Saturday.
Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for Moses in the summer.
The 73-year-old rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel in 1970s.
His album outsold those by Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith.
It is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990.
Bruce Cook put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun'
The 59-year-old farmer has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure.
Mr Cook says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
But he has refused to do so and further 'told the copper to p*ss off'
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood.
The city of St. Louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes.
A Change.org petition has been started, and already there are over 90,000 signatures.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection.
Nurses spent their day doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in England's Ashes squad this summer.
Darren Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Gough is taking part in the second Investec Ashes Cycle Challenge to raise funds for the Lord's Taverners charity.
Director of television Danny Cohen wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie.
But the creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag.
A cut so small it was hardly visible became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug.
Doctors were preparing to amputate Mr Murphy's right leg.
But as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics began to show signs of working.
As a result his leg was saved and he is keen to raise awareness of his ordeal.
The leaked Sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after Wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search.
This time it is Bruce Jenner, whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable Cameron Crowe.
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals.
Salford secured back-to-back Super League wins with an 18-12 victory.
Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix 11 days ago.
It was Ferrari's first victory in 35 grands prix in Malaysia.
Vettel returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory at Maranello last week.
The win allowed Ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike.
She has now joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for the second time.
The video was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa.
It was quickly reposted by a spell of other sources.
Some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon.
Music streaming service Spotify has analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists.
It revealed Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song to fall asleep to.
The 24-year-old Brit Award winner also features six times on the list.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on Monday.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog.
The assault took place at about 5.30pm on Saturday night at Alberton train station, north-western Adelaide.
A study by Ofcom says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised.
Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G.
But the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
Hercules and Leo are currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, Long Island.
They are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus.
A representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition that chimps are 'unlawfully detained'
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month extension at Crystal Palace.
Speroni joined from Dundee in 2004 and will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season.
Palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after Neteller ended their partnership with the club.
Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories' bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet.
'I'm regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member,' he says.
Some Labour MPs fantasise that if only boyish Ed Miliband could have persuaded Uncle Vince, with his provincial bank manager's air and twinkly peacock blue eyes, to defect, Labour would walk the General Election.
Cody Neatis was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital with a chest infection.
He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube.
The eight-year-old has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep.
His mother, Lynne, 48, has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the Masters.
Casey finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 and actually led in 2007 after five holes of the final round.
Liverpool host Manchester City at Anfield on Monday night.
Brendan Rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City.
The Reds have a game in hand on their rivals.
Liverpool have lost four of their last six Premier League games.
The 32-year-old Cairns man has been charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor.
He has pleaded for the government to reconsider their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
She is now struggling to breath on her own and is having seizures following her withdrawal from the cannabis oil.
'Every day that ticks over is essentially children suffering as well as my daughter,' he said.
Three men accused of being Assad agents have been executed, say ISIS.
Video shows them kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria.
It comes just one day after the extremist group shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya.
Bodies of each of the men, aged between 35 and 45, are then left on the road.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920.
Fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation.
Iceland's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man.
Rebbie faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy.
Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
Ryan Taylor scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago.
The 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to Newcastle for sticking by him.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight', according to a source.
It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bristol City are on the brink of a Championship return after two seasons in League One.
Steve Cotterill's side drew 1-1 at second-placed Preston on Tuesday.
City have already won silverware this season in the shape of a Johnstone's Paint Trophy win last month.
Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world.
Despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins.
Some primitive African societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal’s litter.
Mark Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000.
Faville reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy.
After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse.
A sheriff's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming 'drop it, drop it,' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5pm.
On April 15, 1996, Kathy Bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention.
Kathy was sentenced to three to five years in prison, but the two were able to repair their relationship and now live close to each other in Georgia.
A Hillary Clinton campaign official explained on Monday why her presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with 'everyday Americans'
Just steps away in a Keene, New Hampshire bakery, a few run-of-the-mill people decided they didn't want to be seen with her.
'There was a bit of a thing back here when she came in,' explained Marcia DuBois, a cashier at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery.
Passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at San Francisco International Airport.
As the planes exit the cloud and approach the runway, this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings.
The planes, one an American Airlines, landed at the same time on adjacent runways.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader are ex-Baathists.
They played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Many of these highly-trained commanders joined the insurgency in the mid-2000s.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan ends at Southampton, according to the Spanish club's sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero.
The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast, and has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the Premier League.
But Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga, as well as Oliver Torres who has been plying his trade in Portugal.
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child.
The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes.
Royal fans have already begun staking their claim to spots outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen.
44% of respondents had vacancies in English, 52% in maths and 50% in science.
Overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects.
F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel.
It looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson's Hansel.
Hamilton was sat front row with Olivia Munn and busily chatting in between takes.
Riddick Bowe offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through PayPal.
His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s as the only man who could beat Evander Holyfield.
Bowe said: 'I will tweet anything to anyone just paypal me $20 bowe@riddickbowe.com'
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas.
The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant.
But last week he was told he was too ill for the operation and has weeks to live.
Couple are now set to become the first to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital's chapel.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west London.
Sister of former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq accused MailOnline of 'picking on her'
Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in March.
But some Labour candidates refused the money, with one saying she could not accept the money because of her moral objections to the Iraq War.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle.
Her mother Jan had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday.
But despite bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained clear liquid which smelt of bleach.
Tesco said a report had been sent to their technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on Friday afternoon.
Police arrested the man for a 'breach of the peace' at around 1pm.
He was then taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance.
Tens of thousands are set to gather around the Eternal Flame of Remembrance in Anzac Square to pay their respects to our fallen service men and women.
In January the Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country.
But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement'
Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed.
Melissa Plancarte, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'
The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase.
Britain bucked the trend of Western nations by increasing spending on foreign aid last year while others imposed savage cuts.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014, a report found.
UK increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre and Hailey Walden were bullied into sending nude pictures to boyfriends at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon.
Principal Jeff Baughman and police chief Marvin Hoover 'chuckled' when they brought the case to them.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
The images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salary Man.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Mesut Ozil visited an Apple store on Thursday to show off his new watch.
Ozil compared his watch to Michael Knight from the hit action show Knight Rider.
The 26-year-old is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours.
Manchester City currently occupy second place in the Premier League.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Hillary Clinton is.
The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?'
Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him.
Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay.
Wanamaker and his partner Jessica Hoffman, 32, are also being investigated for the death of their 7-month-old baby boy in 2011.
Kim Sears has been making black her colour of choice for the Miami Open.
The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and straw hat.
She is due to marry husband-to-be Andy Murray in Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Cause of Causes was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival and then landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month’s meeting.
The 19-time champion jockey could have ridden Cause of Causes who is owned by his boss JP McManus.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website.
He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last' before deleting profile.
Mr Symonds decided to block user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction'
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Rugby Club against the Barbarians.
The hooker's ear was left hanging off after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts.
Barbarians won 97-31 to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed.
Sir Nick Faldo gave Rory McIlroy a squeeze during Monday's practice round.
McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'
Faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights.
Sam Waley-Cohen helped the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge rekindle their romance.
Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam - which could be used for Samuel or Samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby.
It follows the success of part-time jockey at Aintree this weekend.
The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker'
James McArthur joined Crystal Palace from Wigan Athletic for £7million last summer.
The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances this season.
West Ham have been impressed by McArthur's workmanlike displays.
Jose Mourinho says Manuel Pellegrini has been treated like a 'criminal'
Manchester City boss has lost six of his last eight Premier League games.
Mourinho says he is'surprised' Man City can be brought to hell.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight.
The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.
Blackpool's relegation to League One was sealed by Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday.
The Seasiders' loyal supporters vented their frustration prior to Tuesday's game with Reading.
Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the West Stand at 7pm to demonstrate against their owner.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire.
Known to many for presenting Radio 4’s gentle human interest show Saturday Live, he is supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods.
The 24-year-old claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club.
Blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career.
Kim, 34, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body.
Tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014.
After a three week search, police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry in Iowa City.
Shao's boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive.
But he bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared.
State-backed bank reposted a £446million loss for the first three months of the year.
It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided.
The two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea.
Hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately.
At present some forces, including London’s Metropolitan Police, do record hate crimes as such.
Other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the bout have yet to go on public sale.
The two camps and the MGM Grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage.
State supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn almond market.
Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Aston Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR on Tuesday night.
The talkSPORT lead football pundit called Joey Barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick for QPR.
Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all feature in this year's team.
Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea's push for their first Premier League title since 2010.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year's best XI.
Lord Prescott said the Prince of Wales has 'a lot to offer this country'
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers.
Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of Lord Prescott's mother.
New survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our family members.
David Beckham was voted number one choice for Dad.
Holly Willoughby was voted second choice for mum and dad.
The perfect family would have two sisters and two brothers.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York.
The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the Eastern conference.
Villa's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11.
Dave Roberts jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years ago.
He followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps by jumping.
But Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
The 50-year-old former TV and radio presenter said: 'Daniel, this one's for you'
Alison Saunders said her job as head of the CPS was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
But she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged.
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia.
The 57-year-old engineer was ordered to serve jail time according to the Islamic calendar and received 28 of the 75 lashes.
He has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation as to why this is happening.
Mutty says the Australian embassy should have helped him find out which department had placed the travel ban on him.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute.
It was the Cherries' 22nd goal of the season at the Madejski Stadium.
Almost half of French 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol solely to get drunk, compared to 33 per cent ten years ago.
Health minister Marisol Touraine wants fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.
HSBC rejected £250,000 mortgage application because it deemed husband to be too old.
Banking giant criticised for refusing to grant the loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished.
Couple complained and claimed they had been victims of age discrimination.
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp.
Pedro admits it is normal for a player not playing regularly.
The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers.
She now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
The 34-year-old mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments'really difficult'
Harry Kane was captain for Tottenham Hotspur against Burnley at Turf Moor.
The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Nico Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate in a press conference.
Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his strategy in the race.
The German said: 'I had no real threat from Nico throughout the whole race'
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at Scott Bain.
But the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan.
Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has reported that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags, so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
She says thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted Spanx in order to cheat the new BMI standards.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, lost her husband to prostate cancer 12 years ago.
The retired hairdresser loves to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours.
She has a partner in crime in her friend Julia Church, 67, who now lives in Menorca.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings.
His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots.
Hibernian held on to second place in the Scottish Championship with a 2-0 derby win.
Manager Alan Stubbs hailed the bravery of his players after they ruined Hearts' Easter Road title party.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring in the 14th minute.
Neymar doubled Barcelona's lead after half-an-hour.
Gerard Deulofeu was dropped from Sevilla's squad and Denis Suarez started on the bench.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings has been suspended for one match.
Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong'
Boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard.
While one bullet killed the armadillo, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave.
Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments.
They found the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss.
It means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle, but should you take iron pills to treat it?
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, started living as a woman at the age of 18.
Started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23.
At 25 years old was offered hormones by her doctor.
Has now been taking hormones for four years and has embraced her new life.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game.
Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection'
It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up.
Only 25% of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43% who think Miliband is most up for the fight.
PM appeared without a tie or jacket again today at Kelvin Hughes in north London as part of a'sleeves rolled up' strategy designed to show he is fighting hard for a Tory victory.
Nicola Sturgeon judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone by 34% of voters.
Manchester United watched Felipe Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain against Napoli.
Anderson set up Lazio's winner for Senad Lulic in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg.
Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with coach Rafa Benitez poised to leave the club in the summer.
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang.
The footage shows him waving and smiling to the crowds, with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage.
It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the North Korean dictator, aged 32.
IMF predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016.
Comes as Tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero%.
Inflation remained at a record low of zero% for the second consecutive month.
Prices are being held down by falling cost of food, fuel and women's clothes.
Liam Plunkett is pushing for a place in England's attack for the second Test.
Mark Wood and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday.
Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years.
She left the tourism trade 'because she was too young and began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer'
She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary after a 62 mile (100km) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C.
He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property.
Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven on the opening day of their match.
Alex Hales scored 222 not out for the first time in his career.
James Taylor and Steven Patterson shared a third wicket stand of 171.
Hales hopes his knock sends a message to England selectors.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons.
She avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night.
Stoke are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play standings.
Mark Hughes believes his side are being harshly marked down.
Stoke have been singing Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' since the 1980s.
Artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like.
He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
In the main image of Space Vegas, a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen, including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis said the Baggies have 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
42-year-old had served in First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland.
Was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia.
Danny Rose has attracted interest from Manchester City.
The 24-year-old left back was signed up to a five-year contract last summer.
Pochettino believes he has been the best English left back this season.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday.
But refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader, likely because he has already been identified.
Meanwhile criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly.
The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught.
Scottish First Minister said: 'I understand how people south of the border think, "Oh my goodness how will it work? It's a mess"
She suggested David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP.
A sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free.
It was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin, before being ‘scratched’ by a key.
Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th April.
Social media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group's defeats or internal problems.
Some ISIS supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at Tikrit.
Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday afternoon.
The espresso machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy.
It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee.
But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked.
Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the boat by asking for gas.
They also took gasoline, the radio and drinking water from the boat.
Deborah Roberts forced tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth to silence her.
The 53-year-old also poured water over the dementia patient.
Roberts was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity.
Mrs Hadlow, who has since died, needed extensive medical care.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls.
Some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their GP over the web.
Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online.
Ron Vlaar is out of contract at Aston Villa in the summer.
Villa boss Tim Sherwood has urged the defender to prove his worth.
The defender played under Louis van Gaal at the World Cup in Brazil.
Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing 40,00 years ago.
Scientists at the CNR Institute of Clinical Physiology in Pisa, Italy, used CT scans of a tooth found in Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps in 1976.
They found that the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on Neanderthal teeth and it was more similar in morphology to modern humans.
Using advanced scanning and DNA analysis, researchers have proved that these teeth belonged to the Protoaurignacian culture
The 45-year-old, whose future has been in doubt since Clarkson's sacking, has released his first home video on a new channel on YouTube.
The slickly-edited video follows Hammond as he drives along the M6 and country roads to Buttermere in the Lake District, Cumbria.
Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at Manchester Airport in the early hours of this morning.
They were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 with university student Waheed Ahmed, the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back to the UK.
Scott has not played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month.
Scott is also a doubt for September’s World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year.
Manny Pacquiao stars in 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' music video.
Filipino boxer has tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career.
Pacquiao has also taken a keen interest in politics over the years.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
The rapprochement is set to dominate the Summit of the Americas meeting, held in Panama, less than four months after they announced they would seek to lower tensions and boost trade.
Rebecca Adlington's baby girl is due on June 4.
The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else.
It has over-the-water bungalows which provide the perfect view.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for Barcelona this season.
Manager Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play.
Xavi assisted Jeremy Mathieu's winning goal against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
Mohammad Liaqat stormed into Mount Carmel High School in Accrington.
Muslim students were told they could not keep their facial hair for religious reasons.
The 34-year-old hurled insults at white teachers in front of parents.
He then assaulted the headteacher after he was asked to leave, court heard.
Liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour at Burnley Crown Court.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the French league's disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee last month.
The Swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side.
Ibrahimovic is available for Saturday's League Cup final against Bastia as his suspension only starts next week.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix.
Mercedes team-mate Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his race.
Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton is well within his rights to look after himself.
Hamilton has out-qualified and out-raced Rosberg in all three grand prix.
As Orthodox Easter Sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners.
Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held.
Despite official disapproval from Church officials, Vrontados is in a league of its own, drawing spectators from all over Greece and abroad.
The former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister.
After closing arguments from the defense and the prosecution, the jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon.
If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
The former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media.
His sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols makes fun of the Filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo.
Nichols refuses to refer to the fight's date in normal English.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax.
The annual levy will hit his own home in north London.
Estate agents in London are now offering a higher 'Cameron' and lower 'Miliband'
Lorraine Cobourn was hit by a canary-coloured taxi in May last year.
The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result.
She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling.
Ms Cobourn, of Oakwood, Derby, said: 'I can't even touch bananas unless they're wrapped in cellophane - and I only ever buy green ones'
Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley are set to reunite for a film of Absolutely Fabulous.
Film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France or in the Bahamas if the budget allows.
Newcastle were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
The Magpies lost 1-0 to rivals Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer.
This incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday.
Photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower.
The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe.
Four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man at the entrance to the park today.
The crowds met as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws.
Of the 53 arrested in London, 16 were taken into custody, while 21 were released on street bail.
The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth international break.
The break can be both a blessing and a curse, potentially halting momentum if results and confidence are positive, or halting your slide if all is not well.
Premier League sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in September, October and November 2014.
Chelsea lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break.
ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours.
It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board.
The app allows the user to select their area, and then their time slot.
John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11.
Over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight.
He decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33.
His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial.
Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property in 2012.
Adam Johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl on March 2.
The club's hierarchy have decided that Johnson should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Aaron Cresswell has impressed for West Ham this season.
The 25-year-old is on a five-year deal at Upton Park.
Manchester City are keen to add to their quota of English players.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow.
Eight years after their first encounter in which Gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout, Filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move.
Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six games for Aston Villa.
The Belgian striker is six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi.
The Manchester United loanee put his team in the Champions League semi-finals in midweek with the winner against Atletico Madrid and in Baliados on Sunday night.
Jacques Burger will be available for Saracens' European Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris.
The 58-year-old actress, who is married to actor Tom Hanks, took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters.
On Tuesday, she revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.
'I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you,' she wrote.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment.
Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets.
The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season.
Ridley played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl.
Mark Hughes wants Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at Stoke.
Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in May 2013.
Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute to seal the win.
Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich.
Police in Lewiston, Idaho, are looking for a passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car that was dangling over a cliff.
Sitko crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria.
Claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for three years.
But on her return to lessons following Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down.
Now she has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor played in the 1985 World Snooker final.
Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green.
Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7.
The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record.
Annette Edwards holds her world record Continental Giant rabbit Darius aloft.
Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st.
Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942.
Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for troops.
Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago.
Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive.
Their incredible story was shared by KTLA after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer on Sunday.
West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw by Stoke at Upton Park.
Marko Arnautovic and Mame Diouf scored for the Irons.
Sam Allardyce admitted his side were 'nerves and panic'
The Hammers remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old is in line for an approximate 30 per cent reduction on his wages to £35,000 a week.
Wolfsburg are on the lookout for a striker after he ruptured his Achilles 12 months ago.
The University of Sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses, including bachelor degrees in health sciences, liberal arts and science,  animal and veterinary bioscience, visual arts, music and oral health, or in a diploma of law.
Scot's College does not advertise their fees for tuition, sport and other curriculum activities, but in 2013 they were reported to be $30,900 per year.
Atletico Madrid are in talks with Palermo over the signing of Paulo Dybala.
Argentine forward has attracted interest from a number of European clubs.
Dybala has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by demanding he rediscovers the 'defensive intensity' that made him the undisputed starter.
Glenn Ford, who was released from prison last year, was too weak to stand when Marty Stroud walked into his Louisiana home last week but shook his hand.
'I want you to know that I am very sorry,' Stroud said during the somber meeting, which was filmed by Nightline.
Ford was accused of shooting Isadore Rozeman, a Shreveport jeweler and watchmaker for whom Mr Ford had done occasional yard work, in 1983 and was convicted the following year.
He was sent to prison, where he lived with little light or heat, while Stroud went out to celebrate
Frankie Franz watched Barcelona right-back Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot.
The nine-year-old moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Montoya is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club.
The blood parrot cichlid used to share its tank with two other fish.
Roland Giroux was forced to remove the other two from the tank when he noticed that they were bullying his prized pet.
He then set about interacting with the fish by feeding it frozen blood worms by hand.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, appeared on The Ellen Show and Good Morning America this week.
Their original video, 'Bohemian Carsody' and the follow-up, 'Mime Through Time,' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms including YouTube and Facebook.
Shackleford revealed that 'Be on Ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things I want to do before I die'
Coral Jones, 43, was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play.
April was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger in October 2012.
Mrs Jones admitted she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike 'for an extra 15 minutes' after getting a good school report that day.
A young English fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top.
Ryan Skivington squeezed the life out of nine-year-old's guinea pigs.
The boxer then threw them out of their cage in front of the girl's mother.
Skivington admitted criminal damage to the animals at Blackpool Magistrates Court.
He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia.
All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year.
Severance's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit. Murder', a prosecutor has said.
Andy King scored in the 86th minute as Leicester City beat West Ham.
The 26-year-old says his goal against the Hammers may be his most important yet.
Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' for the Foxes.
The US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US.
One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps.
Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital.
But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase.
Porters are left to carry passengers’ heavy bags up and down the stairs.
The project was supposed to transform Nadrazi Veleslavin station into a transport hub for the airport.
Airmail in the US began as early as 1911, with the first official flight departing Petaluma, California, and arriving in Santa Rosa, California.
After World War One, the US Postal Service began to use surplus war planes for mail delivery and many were flown by former army pilots.
The giant arrows started to be placed across the country, sometimes at 10-mile intervals, from 1924.
By 1929, the arrows could direct flights all the way across the width of America.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK.
During the show Professor Hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band.
He happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season.
Without the run, Newcastle would only be on 20 points in the Premier League.
Pardew cut a resigned figure following a 1-0 defeat at Stoke.
Since his departure the players have looked uninterested and unhappy playing for the club.
Tens of millions of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages.
Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving favourite food and drink.
As part of the Qingming Festival – which means 'pure brightness' – China celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature.
A grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the 'Yellow Emperor' Huangdi in Huangling County, Shaanxi Province.
The Eiffel Tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures.
The nationwide strike follows action by French air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday.
Now workers have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook.
24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
Jailed yesterday after admitting to string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court.
The career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile.
England captain Alastair Cook faces the media at Gatwick Airport on Thursday morning.
Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place.
England face the West Indies in a three-Test series starting on April 13.
Hamza Parvez, 22, has been living in a house in Raqqa, Syria.
His friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor.
Parvez travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany.
Michael Owen claims Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil.
Ozil scored Arsenal's second goal in their 4-1 win against Liverpool on Saturday.
The former Liverpool forward has refused to back down from the claim.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob Prien, was not allowed to board a Qantas flight due to his autism.
Jacob was booked to fly from Darwin to Brisbane so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother.
He was given the all-clear on Friday morning and flew to Brisbane for the weekend.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day.
The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'
An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?'
Bill Spedding has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault.
The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987.
A court heard he raped two girls aged six and three in a caravan.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships.
Kane will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia.
The 21-year-old made his first start for England against Italy after coming off the bench, and scoring, against Lithuania.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace.
The 25-year-old has made 35 appearances in all competitions this season.
Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign.
Manchester United defeated Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford.
Ashley Young scored United's first goal and created two more.
The 29-year-old also provided the assist for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling.
Black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning.
Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal at Leicester last summer.
The 34-year-old has been in excellent form for the Foxes this season.
Delhi Dynamos are interested in signing the midfielder.
Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth tees off third round at 2:55pm local time (7.55pm BST) on Saturday.
American holds a five-shot lead at half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds.
Justin Rose and Paul Casey will tee off at 7:45pm BST with Dustin Johnson on seven under par.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day as they bid to make up ground on 12-shot deficit.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, Guildford Crown Court heard.
The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car.
He was a Maths teacher at Max Clifford's former school in Hersham, Surrey.
Judge Noel Lucas ruled that Shorter could not be sentenced until a victim impact statement was taken from the girl to find out how his crimes had affected her.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, from Middlesbrough, appeared on This Morning.
The council worker was cuffed in front of her daughter Aimee, now 19, in 2008.
She said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question.
When questioned on whether she thought justice has been served in court, Valerie revisited her feelings towards Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer who arrested her.
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week.
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
Ham is currently on exhibit at the Global Sources spring electronics show at AsiaWorld Expo - the largest event of its kind in the world.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013; as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted the UK's number one beach.
Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills.
Jose Mourinho started with Thibaut Courtois, Branislav Ivanovic, Gary Cahill, John Terry and Cesar Azpilicueta protected by Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas.
Mario Balotelli's first start in a Premier League game since the 2-1 defeat by Chelsea in November was as frustrating as all the ones that went before.
Mauricio Pochettino must have been delighted that Tottenham collectively outran Southampton to earn their 2-2 draw at St Mary's.
Robert Huth was Leicester’s best defender as they scrapped out the 1-
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in 2002 at 17th Century Castle Leslie.
The former Beatle and Ms Mills went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents are distracted.
Researchers observed parents with children aged between 18 months and five.
Children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely.
They measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis.
She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday.
Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading. Police are still looking for more suspects.
Jonas Gutierrez made his first start in 20 months against Sunderland.
Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
The 31-year-old was Newcastle's best player, not that he had much competition.
The first generation iPad was revealed by Steve Jobs in early 2010.
At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular.
Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong.
But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad’s days are numbered.
Liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Her owner Shannen Hussein, 21, asks Liz: 'Are you hungry?'
The reptile nods her head in agreement and is rewarded with a superworm treat.
Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks.
Engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route.
Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
Sales of iPhones in China also revealed to have outstripped those in the US.
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter.
iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China, where the company has big hopes for expansion.
Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes.
Social media users were quick to condemn the crude 'commemorative issue'
Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5% in first three months of 2015.
This is down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014.
Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow morning, just nine days before voters go to the polls.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California.
Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
Mr Brock had become involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death.
Research carried out by Forsa Institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade.
Instead, they are now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
The findings have been published exactly 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin.
Daniel Wass is available for around £3.5million and has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year.
Stoke have opened talks over a possible summer deal for the Denmark international.
Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest but Wass is keen to try his luck in the Premier League and with Mark Hughes.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
We had atrocious relations between management and unions, and a legal framework that gave all the power to the unions.
Parking wardens in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too nice.
Inspection carried out by officials from Powys County Council, who could not understand why council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions.
Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out.
The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 with Wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games.
Burberry ponchos have boosted sales by 10 per cent over the winter.
The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne.
Firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would 'increase Iran's aggression and terror'
He insisted that he and his Cabinet were united in'strongly opposing' an agreement.
President Barack Obama hailed the agreement as a 'historic understanding'
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer.
She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’
Phil Jones wants Manchester United to 'turn up and play their football' against Manchester City on Sunday.
United sit third in the Premier League table with seven games remaining.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Bon Apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven.
Eden Hazard is the favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Harry Kane and David de Gea are the other contenders.
Jamie Carragher says John Terry told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid.
The Belgian defender has been in superb form this season.
Ronald Koeman's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million.
Fast car sequel Furious 7 took an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend at the domestic box office.
This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Man posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church in Manchester.
As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags before fleeing.
Police have released an e-fit and CCTV footage of the suspected offender.
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years.
He joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house.
His special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
Gary Dahl's rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975.
The Pet Rock came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for 'care and feeding' and made him a millionaire.
Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each.
A planned caesarean costs the NHS an average of £2,369, compared to a natural birth at £1,665.
George North has been advised not to play again this season.
North suffered four quick-fire concussions after being knocked out against Wasps.
George North will not play against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots on Sunday.
Spieth became the second youngest ever Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997.
Rory McIlroy finished fourth after a closing 66.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday.
Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff.
Gareth Bale was forced off after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu.
The Welsh forward has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks.
Cristiano Ronaldo was the first player to go over to Bale as he sat waiting for treatment and the Welshman’s expression spoke volumes.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house.
Under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol.
Two robbers tried to break into a jewellery shop in Wigan, Greater Manchester.
They used a sledgehammer and an axe to smash through an internal door.
When a worker barricaded the door they fled on motorbikes.
Police are now appealing for the public to help them identify the offenders.
The codpieces used in Wolf Hall were too small and should have been double the size, according to an expert.
This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books and was said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the American audience.
Historian Lucy Worsley has previously questioned the authenticity of some aspects of the programme.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists the team will keep calm and carry on.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship.
The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
Laura Wells lived with'skinnier' models in New York ahead of Fashion Week.
The model, who struggled to book jobs, said they compared themselves to her.
'I eat healthy, I work out, but I'll let myself have a treat every now and then and have a glass of wine,' she said.
Her comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week, which was passed on April 3.
Tottenham host Burnley in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday.
Hugo Lloris has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Mauricio Pochettino has praised Michel Vorm's attitude.
Robin Ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58.
He had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination.
Diabetes is strongly linked to visceral fat - which is hidden in the abdomen.
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory.
He answered 10'starter for 10' questions in last round of BBC quiz show.
The Cambridge students beat Magdalen College, Oxford by 225 points.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo applauded Chan and Sukumaran's executioners for the good job that they did.
The shocking exchange was filmed at an undisclosed location in China.
The elderly man accidentally knocked the woman's phone out of her hand.
Despite the man promising to pay her back, she continues to berate him.
Shocking exchange has since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Scott Frampton has been offered a huge £1.5million payday.
Eddie Hearn offered the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman's career to date.
The proposal was made live on television, with Frampton’s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years.
49-year-old said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses.
He said some workers would stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it'
Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club starring Brad Pitt.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be deported from Newcastle.
The Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK.
3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in Britain.
Maarij's 10-year-old brother Saffat died of meningitis last month.
Gareth Silk and his friends from Cwmbran, south Wales, were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert, featuring a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos.
When the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in Benidorm, Spain, they earned cheers, clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed.
The stag do garnered a lot of attention from locals, other holiday goers and even the police.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City will have to buy young talent.
Premier League champions need to add 'homegrown' or 'English' players to their squad.
Raheem Sterling would fit the bill if his impasse with Liverpool isn't resolved.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days.
William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole, who is moving into the Cambridges' Norfolk home Anmer Hall after the new baby arrives.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia two years ago.
She would hide food down the side of her bed, lie to her mother about eating and sometimes survive on just a piece of fruit a day.
Her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she suddenly collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care.
L'Ardéchoise site in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in France.
With four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
Tiger Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it.
The former best player in the world arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game.
Woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native Iran.
Has preached that women must provide sex to their husbands at all times.
Also warned that if women did not wear the hijab, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Chelsea drew 1-1 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night.
Olivier Giroud put himself about in a titanic battle with John Terry.
David Ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty.
Nacho Monreal looked to be edging ahead of Kieran Gibbs for position as No 1 left-back.
Ellen Gallant was climbing Everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck.
Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas.
There are believed to be up to 100 Americans still missing following the disaster on Saturday.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, commander of Iraqi first division.
Colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in attack in Nadhem al-Taqseem region.
Fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of Ramadi, where the government had been making slow progress.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to achilles injury.
The wicketkeeper lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer.
Head coach Mark Robinson has warned Prior is out 'indefinitely'
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off.
Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward.
Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'
The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the state.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon.
Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight.
The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators.
Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday.
It came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C at St James's Park in London and at Frittenden in Kent.
Change4Life is being run by Public Health England to help address obesity crisis.
Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar.
The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign.
Donations between 2001 and 2015 showed governments and agencies from 16 nations previously gave direct grants of between $55 million and $130 million.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?'
Mamadou Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday.
He was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Sakho is set to miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley on April 19.
Vicente del Bosque says his side were made to pay for lacklustre opening 20 minutes.
Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen opened the scoring for Guus Hiddink's side.
Del Bosque was impressed with Juanmi and Sevilla winger Vitolo.
Steven Naismith has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award.
Naismith worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career.
A group of eight-year-old children in New Jersey have written letters to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal, wishing that he will 'get better soon'
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test.
Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared.
West Indies finished the fourth day on 98 for two after another superb Chris Jordan slip catch made the breakthrough.
Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings.
Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly.
The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica, allowing people to compare the differences between the two.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling on Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program.
After Fallon told Governor Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him;'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?'
Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in Miami Open semi final.
Isner is the first American man to reach the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the other semi final in Key Biscayne.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000.
The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-2 at the Stadium of Light.
The Congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for Glenn Murray.
Alan Pardew was beaten in his last four Tyne-Wear derbies as Newcastle boss.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game at the Aviva Stadium.
It was the only score that the West Country outfit managed to register in the first-half.
Bath full-back Anthony Watson was sent to the sin-bin for a reckless aerial challenge on Rob Kearney.
Olivier Rousteing has revealed why he chose Kim and Kanye for campaign.
29-year-old designer says they'represent a family for the new world'
Says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and embody modern family.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
The two-time world champion sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne.
A leading group has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society.
The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown explain how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us.
The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
First-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious.
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details.
The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action.
Rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after this challenge by Deegan.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
A drone was reported buzzing around Manchester Airport at 11:30am today.
Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area.
Manchester Airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent Easter weekend with family and friends in Barbados.
She has previously holidayed with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
He left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him.
Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur.
The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon as part of an effort to rebuild the brand's image.
Jack Nicklaus made a hole in one on the fourth at Augusta National.
The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw.
Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss her condition.
She suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip.
The father-of-two smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed.
Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have'
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance, sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit.
One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School.
The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013.
The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago.
Ed Sheeran sent them a personal video in which he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex. You should be doing that. And, yes, have a wonderful time - see you soon'
Ian Merrett, 28, accused of harassment for wolf-whistling Poppy Smart, 23.
The marketing co-ordinator said he whistled at her every day for a month.
Miss Smart, from Worcester, asked West Mercia Police to investigate.
Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for unprovoked attack on a train.
He said: 'It's not worth getting into trouble over some silly little girl'
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
However, Samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iPhones, squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier.
Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April.
The Queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE) Day.
A chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies.
Stars will also perform at a 1940s-themed concert held on Horse Guards Parade in London in the evening, to be shown on the BBC.
Khloe, 30, recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime.
The reality star showcased her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in a snap captioned: 'Squat! Squat!! Squat!!!'
The ex-wife of Lamar Odom donned a body hugging black jumpsuit for the event.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels.
The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
Professor Viney Dixit and his team created carbon from coconut kernels, which contain fatty and organic acids as well as potassium, magnesium and sodium.
The Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a letter complaining about her noisy neighbours.
The Melbourne-based actor wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night.
She dropped a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door.
But after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer.
Only a point is needed to break the record Premier League points tally set last season.
The Dutchman has been revelation in his first season in English football.
Patrick Miller and his friend, Damien Rigden, stayed at the family-run hotel in Cyprus last week.
They thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights.
But it didn’t live up to its billing and it didn't match the photos they saw online.
The pair explored the hotel, including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets, in the video.
As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition.
In the thank you note, Spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program.
The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week.
He was being sued by the Oyston family, who run the Fylde coast club.
Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated when their demotion into the third tier was confirmed on Easter Monday.
Arsenal winger Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
The 26-year-old has attracted interest from Manchester City and Liverpool.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has said negotiations have taken place.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers views Walcott as a potential replacement for Raheem Sterling, whose future at Anfield is unclear.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Referee Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring.
Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayweather and Pacqiao.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family.
Their son Floyd-Henry has Achondroplasia, which means he will be 'a shorty- a little man, a little legend'
The Morleys released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their son.
Less than two years later, Floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final.
The world No 1 won the final 10 games to claim her eighth title.
Williams dedicated the title to her father after the win.
Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, NSW, 13 months ago.
The 24-year-old was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult.
He was charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Stephanie Scott on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott was preparing lesson plans at Leeton High School for a relief teacher who would be working in her place while she was on her honeymoon when she disappeared.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years.
It now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending.
Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year.
Paul Smith is in line to take on Andre Ward on June 20.
The Liverpool super-middleweight has not fought since November 2013.
Ward's WBA world title is unlikely to be on the line in Oakland, California.
Ards Borough Council paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year.
A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff.
Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to dance floor.
Members of Al-Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen.
They freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders Khalid Batarfi.
The advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth.
Despite the clash, the Duke plans to do ‘everything he can’ to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada.
It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set of the Miami Open to Andy Murray.
Djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire.
The tennis champion apologised to the youngster and his parents.
Jerry A. Hostetler went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as Mr. Big to a local mini-magnate.
Hostetler realized his vision, but after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle when no longer attached to its creator.
Robert De Niro, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
Said if former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
However he says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
Alexander Kristoff beat off competition from Niki Terpstra to win Tour of Flanders.
Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position with Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara missing through injury.
Thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in E3 Harelbeke and third-place finish at Gent-Wevelgem sprint classic.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's New Year's Eve party.
His friend Rob Gaskell, also 24, tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back using a DIY kit.
The pair are getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment.
Dave Doggett, the chairman of Cambridge United, has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport.
He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games.
The violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions.
Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams.
Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece.
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers.
A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to.
A Northern Territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week.
Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli - 25km southeast of Darwin - on Friday morning.
The mother of-four said she loves the clouds and often photographs them, but she's never come across one shaped like this.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track.
This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction.
The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail.
It is expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time.
Nissan Note Mk1 was named the most uncomfortable car in survey of 61,000 drivers.
Hyundai i20 Mk1 and Fiat Panda Mk2 also made the top ten.
Three designs by German manufacturer Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her home in Guanajuato, Mexico, last week by federal police officers working for Interpol on the orders of a Texas judge.
A judge ignored her family's pleas and put Alondra on a bus to Houston, Texas, with Dorotea Garcia last week.
Garcia claimed the girl was her daughter who had been illegally taken to Mexico by her father in 2007 at age four.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about Abrams.
'It's not like a choice. It's like I was drafted,' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration.
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam.
One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously.
She has pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down, at which point his family called Royal Darwin Hospital.
Duchess of Cambridge expected to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington.
The 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April.
Due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona.
Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for the Catalan club.
Barcelona take a 3-1 lead into their second leg encounter at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time.
Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history.
Here, we look back on one of the greatest sporting events.
Cod stocks were deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.
Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
But the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006.
Roy Keane gave Sunderland a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa on December 15, 2007.
Danny Higginbotham describes Keane's 'bizarre' team talk.
The former Manchester United midfielder played under Keane for a season.
Five-year-old Ashya King was given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy.
Proton Partners International Ltd is to open the treatment centres in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017, with the first in the Welsh capital being operational by next year.
The announcement comes just weeks after the parents of brain cancer sufferer Ashya told of how he received proton bean therapy at a centre in Prague.
Professor Gordon McVie, senior consultant at the European Institute of Oncology, has been appointed chairman of the group.
Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011.
Nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014 despite a surge in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent.
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the figures as a 'national scandal'
A newly-wed couple were taken on a romantic flight over the Mediterranean.
The Air Malta passenger jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts shortly after takeoff.
It was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the Channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in Birmingham's James Turner Street.
The programme follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Residents have slammed the face lift saying the estate will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits after watching the show.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge.
It was found just a block away from a police station on Saturday morning.
Suspect, who will not be identified, has not been charged with homicide.
More human remains have been found in common area of apartment complex on 6th Street.
The victim's death is being treated as a homicide, Middlesex District Attorney said.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain.
The 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC.
He helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts at the club.
Drinnan was sentenced to 80 hours unpaid work for the community.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December before demanding money to decrypt the files.
The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer.
Cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency or they risked losing the data forever.
Workers in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet above the ground.
With no ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway.
Chinese officials hope the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Three terror suspects have all previously been named but now cannot be identified.
Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport.
Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes.
The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo.
'He's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things, including dress him' she said.
Cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student Ranajit Roy in Bengaluru.
He spent five minutes snapping the photographs, before the squirrel ran off to start his day.
Conrad Clitheroe is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro.
The 54-year-old's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication.
He was arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma.
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park.
The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
Schre
Tom Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic.
Swansea midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks.
Carroll has made 18 appearances for the Swans since joining last summer.
Former Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students.
One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Altice.
The boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month.
A gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple.
The real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February.
While serving snacks to the public at the front of the building, a team on the inside was hard at work digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan has been kicked out of St. Joseph's Middle School for low attendance and poor academic performance.
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance.
The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year.
Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of Real Madrid's state-of-the-art training complex.
Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council.
Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids.
The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny.
When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Libertarian icon Rand Paul has beefed up his campaign store ahead of his announcement this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Like Paul, the Kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections, much of the 'Rand' 2016 SWAG is unconventional.
Rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers, but they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face.
President Barack Obama welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House.
The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX.
But quarterback Tom Brady was nowhere to be seen at the White House.
A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin allegedly asked police van to stop in deserted area.
He claimed he needed a toilet break while en route to a court in Hyderabad.
But another prisoner 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape'
Incident comes two days after gun battle in same state killed two terror suspects.
Mary Murphy, 66, tried to grab hold of John Wood, 67, when he stumbled.
But she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths at their home in Failsworth.
Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious but now believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident.
Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show.
The 66-year-old said it has become an extension of its presenter's personality.
Gambaccini said he was particularly annoyed about last week's show.
Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause.
Mr Balls confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on TV.
Last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, was stationed at Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying.
Cheryl's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of Philadelphia.
Shocking dash cam footage showed Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia.
The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero.
Valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to George Lucas asking if he would allow Jedi Knights to marry in the future.
As Anakin Skywalker's marriage to Princess Amidala led him to become a villain - and lord of the malevolent Sith Order, Darth Vader - Colin wanted to avoid the same fate.
Jordan Henderson has rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week.
The Liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield.
Henderson is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.
Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Liverpool to cement Henderson's long-term future.
Brian Williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's very large footsteps at NBC, according to a new report.
The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
The new chief executive of Rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss.
The council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber.
Council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period.
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday when he joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham instead.
Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground.
Later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
Fikile Mbalula met with the chairman of FIFA's investigatory chamber in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report.
FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season.
Visser was a key player in Edinburgh's dramatic win over London Irish at the Madejski Stadium.
Danny Willett was playing in his first round at the Masters on Thursday.
The 27-year-old Englishman carded a one-under 71 on the 17th green.
Willett's second shot trickled all the way across the putting surface.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto have launched their own production company.
The Doll House Collective will collaborate on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects.
They liken it to the female equivalent of Blue-Tongue Films, four men who have collaborated to produce a film-making company.
Sabine Smouha's £2,000 designer tote bag was a 50th birthday present.
It was hand-made by exclusive Japanese designer, Mayumi Kondo.
Border Force refused to return it because it did not have endangered species permit.
But she has been handed victory by a tribunal judge at the Royal Courts of Justice.
The Ohio woman and her Catholic husband decided to terminate the pregnancy at 23 weeks.
They learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'
The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound.
The mother was also at a higher risk for preeclampsia, a blood pressure-related pregnancy complication that can be fatal.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion.
Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game.
Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Baby boom generation set to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren.
Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths may be too much for many families.
Number of deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent.
At same time price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients.
Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money.
Ells said in the interview that the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Archibald-winning artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
He has been a staunch advocate for clemency having witnessed their remarkable rehabilitation first-hand.
Quilty has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
The artist has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government.
The Productivity Commission has suggested extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage.
Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died.
He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook.
The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children, including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami.
Lawrence Phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens.
On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County.
Soward was found lifeless on Saturday morning in the cell he shared with Phillips, 39, at Kern Valley State Prison.
Konstantin Sivkov wrote a column in the Military-Industrial Courier.
He said that Russia needs new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos.
Sivkov said that nuclear weapons could cause tsunamis on the US coasts.
The main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the US, which is'moving to the borders or Russia'
He cited Hurricane Katrina's impact on New Orleans and says that detonating nuclear bombs near the bottom of the ocean would create waves almost a mile high that would sweep inland.
3,118 unidentified applicants accepted as freshmen by University of Florida.
They sent in applications for traditional first-year slots, but then realized they would need to spend entire first year taking online classes.
Classes are part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE)
PaCE aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the flagship university.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres.
They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)
The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet.
And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York.
Republican real-estate lawyer hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice, and not his heritage.
Arkansas Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday, citing influence from his politically liberal son.
He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act – which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians.
Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son Seth had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law.
'My responsibility is to speak out on my own convictions,' Gov. Hutchinson said at
The decision to ban Hardy, who last played for the Carolina Panthers, followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February.
Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects'
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter.
They accuse Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system.
The CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting Lord Janner.
At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010, including ten in the past year.
Her Majesty was seen riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma.
She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry.
Today's riding partner, Lord Vestry, is a close friend of the Royal Family.
The multi-millionaire, 72, is one of Britain's richest men.
45% of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck – up from 28% last year.
Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis.
Chiropractors blame the increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers.
Robot was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week.
It would randomly purchase an item offered for sale on the deep web.
The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists.
They then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, Switzerland.
However, it seems the robot crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm.
She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Saturday.
Costel Pantilimon's side moved three points clear of the relegation zone.
Dick Advocaat enjoyed his first victory as manager in the derby.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road.
Prosecutors say Van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend Norma Patricia Esparza told him Ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri.
His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage.
Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook.
She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque.
It shows the youngster named Jazmine approaching its mother Rozie.
With its front left leg already placed on its mother’s neck, the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg.
All the while the 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 at Rodney Parade.
Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory.
A $250 (£168) device called Neurio claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’
It recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines, allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone.
Neurio monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
When used with another app, it can be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season.
Andrew Strauss says Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by Michael Vaughan.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside.
Cora arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near I-45 in Houston, Texas.
The first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry in the 90s.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world.
Now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Jordon Ibe.
Three times the Arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row.
Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine.
Carnival Spirit has been stranded at sea for two days due to wild weather conditions.
Huge waves smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups as the boat pitched from side to side.
A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship finally docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am.
The cruise liner was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves.
It had been due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic as conditions were so bad.
Photographer Seth Casteel's new book, Underwater Babies, will be released on April 7.
Arsenal host Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Olivier Giroud and Kolo Toure are both in contention to replace Martin Skrtel.
The Frenchman has scored against Manchester United, City and Liverpool so far this season.
Mertesacker's lack of pace could be exposed if Daniel Sturridge is fit to start for Liverpool.
Eight-inch leather dildo was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk, Poland.
Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears the video may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Russia allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18.
Clinton's video features Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson talking about their up-coming wedding.
EasyJet is France’s second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over two days.
The airline launched ‘rescue flights’ to repatriate holidaymakers.
Ryanair cancelled 500 flights while British Airways and Flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery.
Now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010, and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham last month.
The 33-year-old Mexican national, who worked as a transgender escort, died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former Sheffield Wednesday boss Wilkinson.
The Foxes boss has been under pressure this season after a foul-mouthed spat with a fan and a bizarre touchline altercation with Crystal Palace's James McArthur.
Leicester host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win.
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to be executed.
The 21-year-old is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Last week prosecutors described him as 'America's worst nightmare'
But a poll for the Boston Globe newspaper found less than 20 per cent of residents questioned believed he should be put to death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale through MGM Resorts call centre and box office on Friday at 8pm.
All funds raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets.
He allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her.
The woman, now 27, told Southwark Crown Court that Mee raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'
The divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to their already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'
The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday.
The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Charlene, 37, presented tennis ace Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award.
Presented the award at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
Peter Quillin will take on Andy Lee in Limerick next weekend.
The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio, but he is keeping his feet on the ground ahead of the fight.
Quillin was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to Lee.
Fabio Capello says John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy.
Capello was in charge of England when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a match against QPR in October 2011.
Terry retired from international football in September 2012 after the FA pursued their own charges.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit as Bayern Munich doctor this week.
The 72-year-old had been at the club for almost 40 years.
Pep Guardiola was unhappy with Bayern's recovery rates for injured players.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage.
Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery.
Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Martinez has moved to assure Gibson he has a place in his plans.
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley.
The hotel, lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83.
He then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them in a grey Nissan Micra.
But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost.
Ulrike Berger, 44, barred by court order from leaving country with seven-year-old Kaia.
But on March 22, a day after little girl was dropped off for weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Only 30 per cent of people in the UK consider themselves religious.
This is compared to 53 per cent who say they are not religious and 13 per cent are atheists.
China, Japan, Sweden, Czech Republic and Czech Republic top the list.
Warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan was cancelled on Monday.
National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni.
Romelu Lukaku signed for Everton from Chelsea for £28million last summer.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims he could leave.
Lukaku's new agent Mino Raiola said Lukaku would never have signed had he been his representative earlier.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City.
Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without a booking.
Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa.
Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester.
Lewis Ferguson was riding Merrion Square in the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday.
The 18-year-old jockey collided with the fence with such force that he pivots.
Ferguson managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed.
Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National.
The Northern Irish golfer is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship in Boston on September 12.
Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles.
By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles.
The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona.
The 20-year-old turned down a Liverpool contract worth £100,000-a-week.
Sterling insists he is not a money-grabbing teenager.
Bath beat Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park on Saturday night.
Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Bath fly half George Ford delivered a fly-half masterclass.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, went missing on October 26 while dressed as Poison Ivy.
Her body was found on a 13-acre property close to train tracks.
The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's.
Investigators and volunteers had been searching for Bruck since she disappeared.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005.
Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, his lawyers claim.
As his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday.
The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects.
Tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid.
He insisted Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3.
Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets.
Hermann Goering was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief.
He plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew.
His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise her father for his part in the mass extermination of Jews.
She claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal.
Steven Abberley hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during Commons session.
He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs.
Abberley excused himself to fellow observers before shouting 'you are all just liars'
When arrested, he told police he had daubed the words 'the enemy within'
He was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National on Thursday.
The 27-year-old admitted it was a dream come true to mark his Masters debut.
Willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th.
Kevin Morton, 49, gave Kye Backhouse a morphine tablet when he was feeling unwell.
Kye was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, in October last year.
Morton could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger.
He got talking to a group of SouthWest employees and they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, initially came to New York City to peruse a career in education.
He landed a job teaching English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York.
Just a few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model.
Mr. Pearce is now urging would-be donors to help more teachers and students through fundraising website DonorsChoose.org.
Vietnamese woman was waiting to board Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, when the incident took place.
The traveller had checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker.
Nguyen Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face.
Pep Guardiola's contract at Bayern Munich expires in 2016.
Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012.
But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by his habit of hiring and firing managers.
Versace designer Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign for rival design house Givenchy.
Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday.
Mats Hummels has indicated he is ready to join Manchester United.
Ilkay Gundogan is expected to complete a £15m move to Old Trafford at the end of the season.
Louis van Gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg.
Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton.
The German has markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday.
Premier League champions had offered 300 fans tickets for the game.
Crystal Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to.
The club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger.
The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday.
Smith is also charged with tampering with evidence.
David Alaba posted a video on his Instagram of the cast being removed.
The Bayern Munich star is looking to get back to fitness after knee ligament damage.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom.
Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
He has opted for a non-jury trial before Suffolk County Court Judge Barbara Kahn.
The St. Louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum.
Initially everything appears to be calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
Eventually the water begins calming once again and less of the fish emerge from the water as the boat comes in to dock.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped baby boy in female toilets of shoe factory in Wenzhou City.
She denied giving birth, but came clean when managers saw blood.
When cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold'
The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life.
Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 win over his former employers Crystal Palace.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies.
Pulis insists he will never change his touchline attire.
Abbey Clancy, 29, joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, and model Alice Dellal, 27, for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
Clancy, mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia with footballer husband Peter Crouch, said: 'As a mum, it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work'
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing.
Poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists with his Amazon phone and a camera.
The 51-year-old wandered around the stalls dressed casually in a pair of aviator shades and blue checked shirt.
One in six GPs considering going part-time and 7% considering quitting altogether.
Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt last month described situation as 'worrying'
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are just two points clear of the drop zone.
The Hull boss is confident he can keep his side in the Premier League.
Josh Meekings was served with retrospective notice of complaint after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths.
Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident, when the Parkhead club were leading 1-0.
Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil.
Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers.
Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes.
And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Shown is another torrent frog, the Waterfall frog.
The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks.
He was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) and believed the operation would help cure him.
In a letter to his lawyer K claimed that he had healed the patient.
But in court K said he pulled the teeth out because Mr S, who lived in woods and only ate raw foods, had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Gary Cahill made 15 clearances and won 13 of 15 duels for the ball.
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has kept six clean sheets since replacing Wojciech Szczesny.
Gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa.
More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban.
Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 1-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon.
Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but lost the game.
SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance.
She was interviewed by STV's Debi Edward for the special TV programme set to be aired in Scotland at 7.30pm tonight.
Ayyan Ali, 21, has been in jail since March 14 when she was caught with $500,000 in her carry-on bag at Benazir Bhutto International Airport.
She has been charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country.
Her lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand money over to her brother before flying.
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the iPhone 6S in favour of the iPhone 7.
The difference may seem slight, but it suggests the next model could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range.
Apple describes Force Touch as the'most significant new sensing capability' since Multi‑Touch.
It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly.
News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network.
Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military chopper hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Bayern Munich host Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
The Bavarians are without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and David Alaba.
Pep Guardiola has been forced to adapt his team with a number of injuries.
Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta on Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play.
Woods carded a three-under-par 69 in the second round of the Masters.
Heading into the weekend he is 12 strokes behind the leader, Jordan Spieth.
If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history with Woods.
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013.
Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction.
In the victim's impact statement, which was read out at court on her behalf, the woman said she will never be the same following the brutal attack.
Father-of-one Szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis.
But it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex.
He feared he would never be able to have more children after the DIY procedure.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London, the son of a wholesale grocer.
His first work, in 1927, The Lodger, was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper.
Prince Abdul Malik wed Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah yesterday.
The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time, but the couple aren't the first too say I do at a ceremony costing millions.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Florida at 4.10 p.m today.
Billionaire founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
SpaceX said it will post a video in the next few days but images tweeted by Musk reveal that the booster landed successfully.
The impact of landing, however, caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby.
Manchester United host Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday.
Rooney's overhead kick cemented his place in United folklore.
The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals.
The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13.
In the other semi-final, defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind.
'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
The list of killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who poisoned as many as 60 patients in a variety of different hospitals for over two decades.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body.
Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under.
Overall, experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says Ed Miliband has been 'kicked around' by Tories.
Scotland's First Minister called on Miliband to be 'tougher' and 'bolder'
Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby Dubai’s skyline almost disappearing.
Mohammed Mohsen captures the orange cloud getting thicker and drastically reduces visibility across the entire Arab state.
The man in his 50s, who has only been named as Mr Zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City in east China.
He was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike.
His brother had died eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions.
Was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges.
HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from register today.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia.
Here, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month.
In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
He adds: 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Edward Snowden admitted only ‘evaluating’ files stolen from GCHQ and NSA.
Former US spy admitted there had been a ‘f***-up’ when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda.
The 31-year-old stunned the world in June 2013 when he broke cover as the civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich (away to Rotherham) fail to win.
Derby will make sure of a play-off place if they beat Millwall.
Sheffield United and Chesterfield can guarantee play-offs with wins.
Calf born in Narnaul, northern India, has five mouths - the most ever seen on a calf.
The strange-looking baby can only take in milk through two of his mouths.
He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future where Michael J Fox's character Marty McFly climbs on to a futuristic hoverboard.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women.
This year's numbers are already slightly ahead of last year with 26 cases of female school employees accused of inappropriate relationships with male students in January compared to 19 cases the previous January.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a large pond in Northern California.
The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping.
Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match.
David and Samantha Cameron were pictured at breakfast with their three children.
Mr Cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as Prime Minister.
He was filmed at home with his family for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig at the Prudential Center on Saturday.
The pair had to be pulled apart during the traditional staredown.
VanZant has been hyped as the UFC's next big thing despite only having fought five times.
The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother secretly gave birth in the bathroom.
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning.
Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday.
Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 for the Warriors.
Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of Eastern Conference.
Aaron Tate, 29, is accused to leaving his three-month-old daughter alone on the floor of a McDonald's and then driving away.
Police say Rachel Jaajaa, 22, refused to take her daughter because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans.
Jaajaa's sister is now caring for the baby.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family.
The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old.
Ms English has always struggled with the pain of not knowing her birth mother and wondering what her life could have been.
ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
$40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines.
Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin.
Special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps complexion hydrated all night.
Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt.
Baltimore police epartment rules were updated nine days before Gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device.
Gray was not belted in, said attorney Michael Davey, who represents at least one of the officers under investigation.
It's not clear whether he was injured by officers in the street or while being carried alone in the
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up.
Sterling has been heavily linked with a £50million move this summer.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night.
As he went up the escalators and called his daughter telling her to come out of the movies, he noticed three girls standing nearby.
'Within 15 seconds, there was like 20 of them. I don't even know where they came from,' he said.
He was dragged about 10 metres across the road before they started punching and kicking him.
Tony Abbott says the EU must ‘urgently’ follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe.
Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi said his country was ‘at war’ with migrant traffickers, describing them as ‘slave traders of the 21st century’
Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection.
Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in the Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Scientists have revealed that the rediscovered fossil dubbed 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Juan Mata admits his side must take every game as a 'final'
The Spaniard has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday.
Stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the Easter Road side.
Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
The unnamed woman dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub.
She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him.
As most of us know, a substantial splash is enough to send gadget to glitch town.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'
The 17-year-old progeria sufferer died earlier this month.
There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK.
In his letter the Prince said he had been 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn in West Lothian, had stretchmarks removed.
The mum-of-twins suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls.
She said the rebuttal had taken her confidence away.
It's yet another example of Instagram coming under fire for refusing to publish certain images.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for Derbyshire.
The 31-year-old will replace Martin Guptill, who was called up by South Africa for the Test series against England.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning.
During a 2011 incident, Talib was accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas.
Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
Teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman.
He had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene.
The boy, who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore, described how he was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque.
Post boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
The first boxes were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red to make them more visible.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement.
'I think she's a tremendous public servant. I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office. And by the way, thoroughly vetted, we can say that. But we need to see the substance,' he said.
De Blasio said that going into this year as a candidate, Clinton has a 'tremendous opportunity' to present a progressive vision.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass.
The vessel was badly damaged and part of the deck had to be lifted.
It is the second time in two months fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine.
Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year.
But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England.
The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London.
Sir David Nicholson warns of'substantial financial problem' at heart of NHS.
Says it is being ignored by politicians to boost election chances.
Comes as David Cameron and Nick Clegg pledge to find £8billion by 2020.
Maitland local Karen Newton played a rendition of the Last Post to stranded residents of Gillieston Heights on Anzac Day.
Ms Newton had just finished playing at the Kurri Kurri dawn service and was on her way to the town to deliver food to the victims of the floods.
As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton faced five stranded residents, who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen Anzacs in their own unplanned service.
The moment was all the more poignant and emotional as the residents of the isolated town remembered the woman who lost her life in the floods last week
Margaret Atwood said Kate hasn’t lived up to Princess Diana’s reputation.
The 75-year-old said duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes.
But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps.
Proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland.
Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own 'talon salon'
The first born Tawny owl gets orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Naked, bloated corpses of the four alleged terrorists were driven around Garissa.
Comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive, was rescued.
Hundreds gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page.
The mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
Karen Buckley died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate.
Her death certificate was signed by the 24-year-old's parents Marion and John.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
Former private schoolboy made no plea and was remanded in custody.
Princess Beatrice, 26, was partying at Shoreditch House last night.
Joined by boyfriend Dave Clark, 31, and looked glamorous in leather dress.
Joseph A-Line dress currently sold out.
Erica Kinsman filed lawsuit two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft.
Claims Winston assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012.
Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013.
He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year.
Fernando Hierro believes Real Madrid are capable of winning the Champions League for a second successive season.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Hierro won three times as captain during his time at Real Madrid.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she stole £5,000.
At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts.
She posted regular partying pictures of Facebook not knowing the family of the victims, a couple in their late 80s who have now died, had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash.
'Kate effect' has put a bump in profits of British fashion house Seraphine.
Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years.
Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 coat with faux pearl buttons.
Kate wore the Natasha coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their underwear.
Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending A-List parties recently.
The loose-and-fancy-free look is also a big feature on red carpets.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60, 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing.
Chris Brugger, 35, has relapsed from Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
His treatment, Brentuximab Vedotin, costs $16,000 every three weeks.
'My Name Is Chris' was launched in mid-January following confirmation of Chris's relapse in December, and it has made a huge difference.
Some of the fundraising that has taken place and donations given to the campaign have hugely raised his spirits too.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti.
The sisters were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart.
They have established healthy and happy lives in Italy and speak to their mother every night.
Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes.
Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact.
Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
Frequency with which Britons are having sex has been in decline since internet.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month.
Barcelona defeated Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final.
Neymar and Luis Suarez scored for the Catalan outfit.
Laurent Blanc admitted his side were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday.
The meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants.
Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company.
would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta.
She whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women.
Swindon Council is taking her to court saying they want to stop her trading.
Louis Tomlinson, 23, was seen partying at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
He appeared to be rolling a joint while sitting next to a box filled with a suspicious substance.
New pictures have emerged appearing to show him in his hotel room in the company of five girls.
Guernsey is one of the key locations for the Channel Islands Heritage Festival.
It is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food that will unite the archipelago.
Graeme Finlay, 53, claimed he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch.
Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae.
Travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover.
From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities.
While firearms are prohibited, hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport.
Barry Lyttle has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence.
The 33-year-old pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick on January 3.
Patrick spent six days in a coma after being allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city.
On Friday, Patrick had his arm around his brother, who was crying when Magistrate Graeme Curran handed down the sentence.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women'
Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God.
But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him.
He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter.
50 earthquake scientists from the world met in Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing.
One expert said the devastation was 'an accident waiting to happen'
Martin Odegaard has been dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla.
The 16-year-old was signed in January for £2.3m from Norwegian club Stromsgodset.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates.
If Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season.
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target.
Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill.
The property is made entirely from timber imported from Norway.
But its ideal location means it is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere.
For the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood.
Jack Grealish impressed against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final.
The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England.
Tim Sherwood has urged him to concentrate on his Aston Villa career.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building.
Police received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to police.
Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu in La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo (five), Karim Benzema (two), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win.
Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home.
Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
'You took a deal: 10 years. For me, that's not long enough,' victim's mother Kathleen Tapia said at the sentencing.
Blagojevich, 58, has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician.
He was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year.
One of the highlights is the Net Boat Fair which showcases the unique culture of Jiangnan water people.
The abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the North Sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips.
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the region has warmed four times faster than the global average.
With further warming predicted over the coming century, fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species.
Nicola Adams is preparing to return to the ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
The 32-year-old Adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves.
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet.
Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side.
The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face, say local police.
Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
Chilesaurus diegosuarezi is a new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants, despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics, including its small skull and feet.
These features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother in upstate New York.
Now city officials are demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
'Smokey has caused a few disasters while he's been here but he's a farmyard animal so it's to be expected,' Maxine said.
Plan could fit within NASA's human space exploration budget.
Plan would orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039.
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, has created his own version of the bizarre concoction.
It features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions, whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles.
'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends,' he said on Twitter.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
He duped his first wife into believing he needed to spend time away from home.
In reality, he was living a double life, romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell.
His first wife uncovered his deception when she saw a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge.
The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she reported to police.
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour.
His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal.
Described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details.
Asked if his high jinks included the sea, he confesses: 'Well I did a bit of skinny dipping and a few things like that in the middle of the night'
At 5ft 7in, the 39-year-old Oscar-winner commands an out-of-the-ordinary UK size-nine shoe.
The average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today.
The Queen's cousin, 79, was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Monday.
He spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged today.
His Royal Highness Prince Edward walked to his daughter's car with a walking stick.
The dislocation comes two years after the Duke suffered a'mild' stroke.
Czech immigrants lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs'
Workers kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families.
Made to give over all their wages and eat outside during winter.
Also forced to eat outside and do housework to pay off 'loans' for board and passage.
Petr Tancosova, brother Petr, Nela Dzurkova and Katerina Kurejova all deny charges.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Monday.
Gary Neville said the champions have a'mentality problem'
The former Manchester United and England defender said City 'can't sustain success by winning back-to-back championships'
Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says BVA.
Animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the BVA’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’
Manchester City have shelled out for six coaches to take fans to Selhurst Park.
Around 300 City fans have been afforded free travel on six coaches.
The move was made after TV scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, attended LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala in central London tonight.
Wife of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and mother of three boys wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress covered in blooms.
Was accompanied by £560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps on her feet and a matching thin belt defining her waist.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday.
At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film, Rogue One #RogueOne'
Rogue One has not yet begun shooting so it's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie.
Raheem Sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him.
The 20-year-old has rejected a £90,000-per-week contract offer from Liverpool.
Sterling is one of Europe's most sought after young players.
Manchester City, Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United are all interested.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program.
But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall.
Three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, were shell-shocked by their mom's outburst, struggling to control their emotions as she left the explosive interview.
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, kicked and punched two men.
Caught on CCTV stamping 18 times on victim's head in drunken attack last April.
Pair were expected to be jailed for 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault.
But judge at Teesside Crown Court made 'extraordinary' decision to let them walk free.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening.
The tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt.
He said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art.
Ringleholt is no stranger to nude education, having guided similar tours at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney and MONA in Tasmania.
Manchester City won the Premier League title last season.
Sergio Aguero's injury-time winner sealed City's first title in 2012.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew refuses to rule City out of title race.
Alannah Hill broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot.
The Tasmanian-born designer was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma.
If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal but thankfully she now has a'very good' prognosis.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa held to a point against QPR at Villa Park.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to secure a point for his side.
Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City.
But the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer.
Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge in historic Boat Race.
Men rowed on same course and same day as the men for the first time.
Shark experts Jeff Kurr and Andy Casagrande were filming the documentary Lair of the Megashark off New Zealand's Stewart Island.
They attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator when it decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat.
The men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously.
Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving.
Officers searched An Noor community centre and Burnell Mitchell's home.
Mr Mitchell, 61, is director at the community centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach.
Manchester United are monitoring Edinson Cavani's situation at Paris Saint-Germain.
Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille at the weekend.
The 28-year-old's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer.
The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga.
Miranda currently has a year left on his contract and has yet to agree a new deal with the Spanish side.
New interactive map reveals public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties.
Yale University researchers asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried.
They were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits.
Nationally, 52 per cent of Americans are worried about global warming.
Stephen Taylor, 54, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent at 11.30am.
He was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day.
But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
A coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search.
Owen Farrell is hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont Auvergne on April 18.
The England fly-half has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January.
Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign as a result.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain.
But her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed.
Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
It was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home.
The video then includes a previously aired snippet of him talking about his family.
It ends with Bruce looking to the future, and asking how his'story' will end.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, admitted his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book, Almost Black.
He claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
On his website, AlmostBlack.com, he shows side-by-side qualifications and pictures of himself as an Indian-American man and a black man.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals against Granada to lift his tally to 36.
Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues.
There are nine teams in the Premier League who have scored fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo has this season.
Wayne Rooney doesn't look best pleased after being spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
The 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea - despite having 70 per cent possession.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 1-0 in the German Cup semi-final.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout.
The Spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a kick into Stefan Kiessling's chest.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration.
Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain.
But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid.
This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions.
The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies.
St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans, when he was ambushed.
A male suspect, later identified as former Transportation Safety Administration worker 56-year-old Paul Devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers.
Rodrigo Gularte asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island.
He and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia.
For years his family pleaded for clemency on the basis of his mental illness.
Shona Banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home.
Banda, who uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas.
Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday.
The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer.
Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to a second successive Champions League final.
The Atletico boss was shown a red card during the 1998 World Cup knock-out match between England and Argentina.
Simeone's side face Real Madrid at the Bernebeu on Wednesday.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of Chinese grid girl Liu Siying.
The 23-year-old said she didn't think much about the incident and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' but Siying said she did not think too much about it.
She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that’s what I did'
Stephanie Scott's body was found by found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW’s central west.
The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
Company linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head.
It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring.
Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home.
The research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer.
The 23-year-old has not played for the first team since injuring his ankle against Manchester United in November.
Wilshere was tipped as a future Arsenal and England star when he broke through the ranks in 2008.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head.
He followed his victim and felled him from behind with a single punch.
Mr Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground.
Major, from Blackpool, Lancashire, was ordered to be detained for three years.
Two best mates from rural Victoria have vowed to keep Aussie lingo alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago.
The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
Their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager.
The 32-year-old has been at the DW Stadium since 2010.
Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday.
Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby.
Floyd Mayweather has invited Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion.
Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced.
The 38-year-old pays up to $1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by Chef Q.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday.
It has been an enormous success.
His elated family are ‘over the moon’ that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be.
Thousands of people helped to fund Jackson’s $80,000 operation and contribute to other medical costs.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank went viral after he posted it online.
The 27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army.
But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six.
Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay'
'I actually said to him "your party won't be thrilled about this",' she said.
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art.
He is representing the heirs of Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand, and has been valued at around £60million.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the French Alps.
He got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff.
It is thought he entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester.
He asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?'
In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him.
Hall now risks arrest if he enters the area at any time in the next five years.
Charmain Speirs's body was found face-down in a bath in a hotel.
Husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder.
His defence lawyer has claimed she was a habitual heroin user.
Colin Bloomfield died at a hospice in his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator.
Friends have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, is one of Britain's most successful models.
Has been modelling for a year but has built lucrative full-time career.
She moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best.
Justin Welby will say 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith.
Comments follow Pope Francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at Garissa University College.
The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign.
on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal.
But Fiorina spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point.
'I am not confirming the WSJ story,' Flores said.
The study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana.
They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions.
Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes.
Runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes.
Jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks they have carried across the Turkish border into Syria.
Would-be fighters are bringing items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq.
But the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912.
Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and the polar party of Edward Wilson, Lawrence Oates, Edger Evans and Henry Bowers.
Oscar scored in Brazil's 3-1 victory against France in Paris.
The 23-year-old has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
Chelsea face Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon.
Daisy, 26, models contouring range for Rodial.
Says top tip is using concealer around nose to even the skin tone.
All that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone.
But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life.
Blood of an adult woman before menopause contains five times more testosterone than oestrogen.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's clash with Aston Villa.
Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem.
Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness.
Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after recovering from calf injury.
Huma Abedin was spotted at a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, on Tuesday, the first time she and Hillary Clinton had been seen all day.
Abedin is married to disgraced former New York Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner, whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid tweets to women.
The former British premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government.
He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition that he is being deployed to encourage Western investment.
There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves.
Washington couple's three-year-old son had first complained of someone talking to him at night.
Parents put it down to toddler's over-active imagination.
One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you'
They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device.
Pictures of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in one game as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
Ronaldo's five-goal haul included an eight-minute hat-trick.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since.
Giselle visits the park every month and wears a different whimsical outfit every time.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet wives and partners of SAS members, while shoe designer Jimmy Choo is in the West Australian city to host his first ever masterclass.
The pair crossed paths at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino, where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon, attended by Ms Bishop.
A spokesperson for the minister told Daily Mail Australia that Ms Bishop hurt her leg during a swimming accident, just before her trip to Perth.
Greece has proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions.
UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football.
Gianni Infantino has warned that there will be no choice but to suspend Greece.
A road rage incident caught on camera shows a man brutally beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland.
The aggressor, driving a Toyota, even refused to stop fighting as Tommy Solis and his friend tried to end the attack, and at one point got in the face of Solis' friend.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper.
He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department.
The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly.
Sterling was one of four players at the launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Baby April found face down in toilet bowl after'mother gave birth in lavatory'
It is believed the girl might have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Southport hours before she was discovered.
Merseyside Police released image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother.
Officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseyside area.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities.
Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty.
Experts believe the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body, such as gold earrings.
In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago.
They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material.
A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight.
It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people'
He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China.
Mr Song climbed out of the passenger door and was going to stand behind the car.
But his wife suddenly reversed, knocking him down and knocking him to the ground.
CCTV footage then shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as concerned passers-by rushed over to hold the couple.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to the ground at Santa Rita Jail.
She had been booked for resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
Security and body camera footage shows she was booked into the jail after a night of heavy drinking.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath.
Images show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
Savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off.
A second photograph shows one of the men blindfolded and forced to his knees in a town square while a masked militant reads out the charges against him.
Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town.
But lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
Shelby still couldn't move after he was freed from the pit, so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that George had come back just in time.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009.
The ride on former Welsh National winner Monbeg Dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital Raqqa.
It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi PR machine would like the world to believe.
The pictures were posted on Twitter by a member of the anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who risk their lives leaking information from the city.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise.
PSG play host to Barcelona at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night.
Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull his teams out of Formula One.
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery.
Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil.
It's believed that the bones Wylie found belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin.
Researchers at Durham University studied a 'clump' of dark matter.
It appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself.
This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass.
Dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than gravity - making the discovery of huge interest.
Supermarket recalls Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ for second time in two years.
Customers told to either dispose of the products or return them to Asda.
Supermarket said no other Asda Little Angels dummies had been affected.
A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down.
Learning to simply take a deep breath can help children diffuse their own anger.
Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships.
The Olympic gold medallist had been due to fight Lisa Whiteside.
Adams and other family members were at home at the time of the break-in.
Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Scotland's new drink-drive limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to 50mg.
The effect of the drop in sales is so severe it is being blamed for a poor result in the country's latest Bank of Scotland PMI report.
Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect than the 2006 smoking ban.
Ashley Mote, 79, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences.
Accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception.
Jury at London's Southwark Crown Court hears he fraudulently claimed £500,000.
Mote denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey.
Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports.
Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round.
The world No 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the clay.
Nadal lost to world No 1 Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of Monte Carlo Masters.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls.
He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983.
Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby.
The 55-year-old made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings.
Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd, leader of Ukip’s North East Lincolnshire group, launched an investigation.
Bonnie was rescued from Puerto Rico and is a Sato, which means mixed breed or street dog.
Due to extreme poverty, the streets of Puerto Rico are overwrought with thousands of abandoned dogs.
Tim Sherwood says Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay at Aston Villa.
Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino.
Sherwood says he would 'absolutely' shake Levy's hand on Saturday.
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes.
The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table.
The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke on Saturday.
Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer.
Johanna Powell, 37, from Cardiff, reported missing on Saturday.
She was on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river.
The crew, tour guide and other passengers all swam to safety, but Ms Powell disappeared under the water.
Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found, but it has not yet been identified.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League.
The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season.
Benzema was speaking to adidas ahead of Real Madrid's clash with Atletico.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy.
Hospital failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour.
She cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
Decision believed to be one of the most significant in a case of medical negligence.
Chris Ramsey hails Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country.
QPR are 19th in the Barclay's Premier League table, four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th.
Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February.
A 10-year-old Huddersfield Town fan has been removed from his role as a mascot for Reading in their FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley in the third round.
But footage of him backing Arsenal sparked a furious response from Reading supporters.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik in 2008.
She was partying with about 10 other backpackers.
Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student's body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared.
It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
The question, 'So when is Cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
It asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is.
Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17.
The problem was posted on Facebook by ‘Hello Singapore’ television presenter Kenneth Kong, and went viral as people posted their various solutions to
Park Crescent West, near Regents Park in London, was designed by Buckingham Palace architect John Nash in the early 19th century.
Developers want to replace the facade of the Grade I listed crescent, which is a 'flawed modern copy' of the original work by Nash.
The new development will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million.
Veteran peer Lord Janner has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence'
The Hobart International Airport website was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS.
Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday.
'There were no threats made towards the Hobart Airport or flight operations to and from the airport,' police said.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California.
Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA.
The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together.
Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance.
The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop.
But after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a bulky size 26.
She was forced to stand during an 11-hour business trip in December 2012.
Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday.
Mario Balotelli missed Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers.
Robbie Savage labelled the striker as 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Brendan Rodgers revealed the £16million striker travelled with the squad to Blackburn but that he felt too ill to take part after staying over in the hotel with his team-mates.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals or face more time behind bars.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests.
He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season.
Gutierrez was the only Newcastle player to emerge with any credit following last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness after he first returned from treatment in December, 2013.
Camilla Parker-Bowles, 67, became Duchess of Cornwall 10 years ago.
She has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family, adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law, the Queen.
Her success is due, in no small part, to her 'charm and charisma'
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place, and can be released at the push of a button.
A high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5 inch), without compromising the style.
The interchangeable heels come in all widths, from high to low, stiletto to chunky, and in a large array of prints.
Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm.
Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday.
Four wickets would take him past Sir Ian Botham's record of 383 Test wickets.
Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Botham.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a move away from the Britannia Stadium.
There has been fresh talk this week of Real Madrid being interested in the goalkeeper.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has played down the reports.
Hughes is also hopeful Stoke will wrap up the signing of Barcelona winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence.
Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's Josh Meekings appeared to handle the ball... he was charged retrospectively.
James Corden posted a picture with Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham.
Corden was all smiles as he posed in between the pair on Twitter.
Both Beckhams were pictured in America with the 36-year-old.
The positions will be based at Microsoft's Redmond campus in Washington.
Program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT.
The announcement was made on the company's blog by Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Gao Yu, 71, named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000.
Ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record.
Austin West, 4, slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina.
His grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandson’s final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site.
Dominique Granier sparked outrage when he suggested service for Roma.
Drivers were travelling from Roma encampment in Montpellier, south of France.
But bus company TAM has taken his comments seriously and 'outsourced' part of route.
Tories set to unveil tax breaks for workers on the minimum wage.
Details of George Osborne's leaked plans are unclear.
Minimum wage currently stands at £6.50 an hour.
Researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago.
They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era.
Researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife.
Doody is charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map.
It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky.
The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years.
Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. The moon is shown top left for scale.
Statistics collected at Maastricht University in Holland show students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
At the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average.
Economists Olivier Marie and Ulf Zölitz studied 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion.
Kim Rose, 57, was questioned over allegations of bribing voters with sausage rolls.
He put on spread of sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees at party event.
But he was never arrested or charged and questioned by Hampshire police.
Mr Rose poked fun at accusations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes for officers.
Claimed officers refused to accept treats, saying that would constitute a bribe.
Has now criticised 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation and says furore could help him win his seat.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are 'talking platitudes' and singing only about themselves.
The 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the general election.
Blur released their first album in years this month.
Sevdet Besim, from Blackburn, Lancashire, was arrested last weekend.
The 14-year-old is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK.
He is said to have incited an Australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers.
Besim was arrested by Australian police after Greater Manchester Police revealed the extent of communications between the pair.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer.
West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel added an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by Stuart Broad.
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop.
It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh.
Hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, shot to fame after winning Brazil's Miss BumBum contest in 2014.
She had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity to find love.
The Brazilian model accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
The photo attracted more than 750 'likes', as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers.
Bobby Brown was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me'
Whitney Houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility.
Sources close to Bobbi Kristina's family reportedly said that 'nothing has improved' for her even after she was moved to the DeKalb Medical facility in Atlanta in mid-March.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012.
The 29-year-old suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body.
Doctors have reconstructed her face, arms and torso over the past three years.
Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform.
She has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched.
Her monologue is peppered with shout-outs and answers to questions from her viewers.
Aircraft was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur.
Captain of flight AI611 claims co-pilot misbehaved and struck him.
Airline insists altercation was limited to verbal argument and there was no physical violence.
Damian Lewis says redhead stock is'very high' at the moment.
He said: 'This might be a unique moment in recent history'
Other redheads include Julianne Moore, Ed Sheeran and Sophie Turner.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of shooting dead his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, in Florida on Monday.
Stancil told the court he 'ridded one last child molester from the Earth'
Lane had worked at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina for 18 years.
He was dismissed from the college in March because of too many absences.
Police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime.
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light.
She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be'sent around the world'
The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid.
The Mexico international broke down in tears after the game.
Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker.
Hernandez has scored four goals in 421 minutes of La Liga football.
Belle Gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
The wellness blogger was a prominent Australian social media personality.
Her Instagram fan base ballooned after she'revealed' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year.
Robinson, who worked in a maximum security control room known as 'the bubble', struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell.
The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room, according to a psychologist's report obtained by Oregon Live.
The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park.
Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure.
She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Ben Affleck asked that information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his family history.
This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook, while also explaining his reasons for his decision.
CSKA Sofia goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months.
The Latvian has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
He has been impressed by the 'unique' fans and their passionate support.
Francis Pusok, 30, believed to have stolen horse in southern California desert.
Two deputies caught up with him on foot after he falls off horse.
They stun him again, and again, before launching over to kick him.
The San Bernardino County sheriff has ordered an investigation into the incident.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24.
The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier.
Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action, the Central American Seaway linked the Atlantic to the Pacific as one great ocean.
The onetime rising Republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the bear cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago.
With scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale Goldilocks and the Three Bears, the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family’s home in Tulun.
The bear, nicknamed Mishutka, may be a cute little cub right now, but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family.
Cheng Chen, 27, spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, laser gloves and a power backpack.
But Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry.
He concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand.
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Bloomberg, 73, has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
He was elected to the top job three times in a row in New York City.
Bloomberg's financial information company has offices there, while he personally owns a $30million mansion.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark but doctors didn't realise it was cutting off her air supply.
At just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her.
Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said FBI deliberately destroyed vital files relating to the assassination of Dr Martin Luther King.
He said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth.
Wexler says that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the FBI - but now we may never know what happened.
Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, all appeared in court in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.
Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax.
In a deal agreed with the British government, they will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs.
As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, he says.
'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This can’t
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
Spurs sold forward Gareth Bale to Real Madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million transfer fee.
The only time Tottenham demonstrated real Champions League potential was when Levy resisted the likes of Chelsea over Luka Modric.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield.
Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area.
However, the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor.
Velez lost out on a penalty and a man advantage.
Robbie McNamara was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree.
McNamara suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from Bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day.
Despite still having no feeling in his legs, he was able to leave his bed for the first time on Tuesday.
Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name 'Skydevil', it has emerged.
Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'
European regulators warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Jan Oblak made a big save to deny Gareth Bale in the early minutes.
Mario Mandzukic had to be bandaged up midway through the second half.
According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was 'notoo angry' to write it all down in one sitting.
Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria.
The eatery, which is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks.
The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia in March 2013.
The condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen.
Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints.
Hanghang, 12, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.
He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs.
Doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face and trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees.
Boy's mother frantically tried to open car door when keys were locked inside.
She grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle.
Incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today's 23.6C.
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata on Friday.
The 20-year-old was only playing as a substitute fielder.
Sachin Tendulkar was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news.
The 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to interview Robert Downey Jr.
The 50-year-old actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' before walking out of the interview.
Robert isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam has dominated the agenda for weeks.
The Spaniard finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday.
The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city.
Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016.
Bafetimbi Gomis suffered a hamstring injury during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton earlier this month.
The Frenchman has been spending time with his family in Lyon.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Four-seater Cessna 172 crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg.
Male pilot was killed in the crash, and three passengers seriously injured.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, used a mirror to carve '666' into his forehead.
The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast'
But with a series of upside-down 9s, Jenkins has fashioned himself a unique engraving.
Stuart Broad limps out of England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts.
The England bowler slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle.
Broad had complained about the state of the Warner Park crease after bowling just three balls of his first over.
For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign, Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves.
The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove.
Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
North Yorkshire police confirmed the men were arrested this morning.
The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found.
Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days.
A man, in his 50s and from the York area, was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder but later released on bail.
Sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study claimed.
The study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden between 1973 and 2009.
This can include social or environmental aspects of their upbringing that siblings would have experienced together.
On the other hand, their shared genetics were a factor in 40 per cent of cases, with the remaining 58 per cent stemming from environmental factors not shared between family members.
Genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation (46 per cent) than for adult rape (19 per
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving husband Scott working on his SUV.
But while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured.
Mr Mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home.
Meanwhile Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday.
The 25-year-old shot a closing 67 to finish 12 under par.
Overnight leader Li Hao-tong finished a shot outside the play-off.
Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide.
The man squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down.
Shaking its head, it flicks the water from itself and lifts a finger to its face to wipe the residue from its eye.
Frances Clarkson, 53, has been enjoying a family break in Barbados.
The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from Top Gear.
Frances has two daughters and a son with the 54-year-old broadcaster.
But the pair are said to have lived apart for years.
Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship, according to Gerard Pique.
Barcelona are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo's frustration with Gareth Bale has received much media attention over the last month, culminating in the Portugal star's non-celebration and apparent frustration at Bale taking the limelight.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend.
Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he returned and attacked the security guard from behind.
The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Nicholas and Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, want to name their unborn child Michael, after her late father.
Their husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
One ship even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs'
At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year.
Data comes nine months after commander Sarah West was flown back to the UK following claims she had a sexual relationship with a member of her crew.
Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in Fraser National Park, central Victoria.
He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30am on Good Friday.
The 11-year-old has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing.
The 21-year-old was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line.
'My heart goes out to the families here but I don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison. But that's just how I see it. It's up to the jury,' she said.
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on sofa.
They were each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of 'terrible cruelty'
Friends went to the couple's villa in Xalo, near Benidorm, Spain, on Sunday.
Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there'
She added: 'What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare'
Andy Murray will marry girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week.
The 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the couple's wedding.
Murray has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day.
He has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a St George's Day challenge.
The sports superstars posed for a picture before taking part in the crossbar challenge with a twist.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side are now 17th in the Premier League table.
The Foxes have won three in a row for the first time since 2000.
Robert Clark was captured by the Nazis in the North African city of Tobruk in 1942.
He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced to join the 'death march' in 1945.
Mr Clark is registered blind, deaf in one ear and is dependent on a wheelchair.
More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Brent Council to pay for a live-in carer.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in £500,000 retirement cottage in Bosbury, near Ledbury, Herefordshire.
But 71-year-old had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer’s disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door.
He had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home.
Patrick Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her.
The rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.
Sheriff Arpaio apologized in December 2011 for the bungled cases, and his office has since taken steps to prevent the problem from happening again.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28.
On Tuesday night the Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen enjoying a Texas Rangers game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley.
This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Miniature Space, a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm, has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food.
The latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries.
The original 1959 Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia this Saturday.
Customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
The dolls will be on sale for $34.95 thereafter.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva.
At £4 each, they are not cheap and they are yet to catch on in the UK.
But Pippa may have learned of their merits during a trip to Switzerland.
Josh Meekings was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was thrown out.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded in the 3-2 extra-time win against Celtic.
Eden Hazard signed for Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign the Belgian attacker.
Hazard's agent discussed terms with Wenger in Wenger's house.
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar.
Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Watson uploaded a picture to Facebook yesterday in celebration of his birthday with this message: 'But really. I thank you Lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens to be my birthday'
'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' Fiorina said Monday.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
Fiorina, a former Hewlett Packard head, is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies.
With the drought stretching into its fourth year, California's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption.
Martina Levato and Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, a Milan court heard.
They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss, it was claimed.
The 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged.
Wayne Rooney hails Marouane Fellaini as one of the best in world football.
Fellaini has been instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea this weekend in the Premier League.
Tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital.
Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010, and the Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak.
Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets.
The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile.
Crowds across the country cheered for President Obama as he made multiple stops and became the American president to visit the island nation since Ronald Reagan in 1982.
'So I just wanted to say you're well-loved in Jamaica. Well, first of all I can say to you publicly, 'I love you,' Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller said.
Obama also asked President Obama to exonerate black nationalist leader Marcus Garvey, who was convicted in the U.S. of mail fraud in the 1920s.
The highly anticipated interaction with Castro will test the power of personal diplomacy as the two leaders attempt
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway.
Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, survived.
Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic before smashing head-on into a car coming the other way.
Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is puberty?'
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio on Monday.
Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her.
Seman, 46, was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday, accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case.
Investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen.
He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so.
In the short book, extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine L'Obs, he writes: ‘The suggestion that you can laugh at everything, except certain aspects of Islam, because Muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population'
James Freedman, 49, has been teaching people how not to become victims of street crime for years.
Now he’s exhibiting his ‘skills’ on stage in a one-man pickpocket show, called Man Of Steal.
Man, described as 6ft3in and about 35-years-old, was found in Gniezno in February.
He told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is from.
Polish officials have released pictures and information in the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man.
Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him.
The 52-year-old spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill.
In Lithuania he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders, robbery and extortion between 1993 and 1997.
Johanna Basford, 32, has released a colouring book for adults which has sold 226,000 copies in one month.
Enchanted Forest reached number one on the UK Amazon book chart at the start of April, while the two books took first and second place on Amazon’s bestsellers list for the US.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country.
The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild.
Harry Redknapp is currently out of work after leaving his position at Queens Park Rangers.
Redknapp was at the Emirates to watch Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 on April 4.
The 68-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused.
Jordan Spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at Augusta.
Only a bogey on the 18th prevented him adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on Friday and Saturday.
The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods - whose 18-under total he equalled - after a closing 70 left him four shots ahead of Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care.
Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house.
Uber has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man.
This is all thanks to the work of Roland Gainer, a college
The I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed Scary Lucy.
Now the sculptor of the statue has pledged to make a new one for free.
But the statue of Lucille Ball was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held next Wednesday at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near her home town of Canowindra.
The 26-year-old high school teacher was due to marry her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Easter Sunday.
Ms Scott's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10.
School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June.
Almonds have become California’s second biggest agricultural commodity after milk, as demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade.
The so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year.
Researchers subjected Lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure.
The copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F), and it caused molten material to stream from the vent.
This is the first time the failure of Li-ion battery due to overheating has been recorded.
It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty.
The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world.
Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc.
Citing people familiar with the matter, Bloomberg reports that attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers.
The final decision will be made by senior officials.
Tom Schweich shot himself in the head at his home in St Louis on February 26, just moments after calling an Associated Press reporter to set up an interview to discuss anti-Semitism in his own party.
Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself.
Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed.
But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Andrew Hennells boasted about plans for armed robbery on Facebook.
The 31-year-old posted details of his plan to the social networking site.
A member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife.
Hennells fled the scene before police arrived, but was quickly arrested.
He was later found with £410 in stolen cash in a nearby pub.
Janek Zylinski, son of Polish war hero who fought Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader.
Brandishing his sword, he said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel'
He says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health.
Study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure.
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo.
The mother-of-three allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure before he slipped and fell.
Visitors heard a scream at 3pm on Saturday and looked to see Schwab and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child.
Nordic country tightened laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.
Reanne Evans relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title on Tuesday.
Evans lost 4-2 to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee in the semi-finals.
The 29-year-old has dominated the ladies' game for 10 years.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season.
The 33-year-old admits frustration took its toll during injury-ravaged season.
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern China's Fujian province.
Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March.
Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb' as the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her.
James Oatway took chilling images of Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
Oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country.
Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes.
It topped the poll last year as well as four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune.
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in Alexander Litvinenko's death.
But he has agreed to give evidence as long as he is given right.
If Kovtun testifies, he will have to do so by video link.
Litvinenko fell ill with radiation poisoning in November 2006.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday.
The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio, on Thursday when they stopped and continued the confrontation on foot.
The 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot.
Officer had been warned by dispatchers that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'
At one point Wilcox said: 'Shoot me or I'll shoot you', but the Purple Heart winner refuses and responds by saying: 'I don't want to'
Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his
Kolo Toure compared Raheem Sterling's situation with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City.
Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Toure says Sterling could end up on the scrapheap at a big club.
The Nantucket wooden chair once sat on a first-class promenade.
Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett.
The anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast, never sat on it due to its fragile state.
Neanderthals vanished from the Earth 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age.
Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from Africa.
They used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans.
The Block’s up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month.
Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1 million by listing agents.
Darren and Deanne's chic apartment is expected to sell for around $1.
5 million on auction day.
The controversial pair made a return for 'Triple Threat' after winning only $10,000 on the 'Glasshouse' auction day.
Bradley Neil won the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and the British Amateur Championship last year.
The 19-year-old is being tipped for big things when he does turn pro by world No 1 Rory McIlroy.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust.
Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with a stiletto.
The incident took place during a night out in Bradford City Centre.
She was jailed for three-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to wounding with intent.
Jordan Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round.
The 21-year-old came close to creating history at Augusta last year.
Spieth finished joint second with Sweden's Jonas Blixt.
He has been paired with Henrik Stenson and Billy Horschel for two rounds.
Research led by a scientist at the New Jersey Institute of Technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux rope on the sun.
In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form.
Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona, and they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer.
Revenue grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion for the 12-month period.
Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps the rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
The number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2million to 5million.
But the Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
Mr Balls refused to rule out lowering the point at which it kicks in.
He said: 'I have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful, and staged and balanced way'
Billy Mitchell was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition.
It causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet.
He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities.
They included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull.
Also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
The 30-year-old Scouser was released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'
He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability.
Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament.
He sought to make the case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Conservatives.
Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight loss app.
It calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight.
Shown on the left is TV star James Corden at his current weight, 210lbs (95kg)
On the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs (27lbs)
Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight.
Prince Harry will tonight fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew.
With the Duchess of Cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child, the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May.
Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign.
He is being forced to return to Australia where he is on a month-long placement with the army, followed by a week long official tour of New Zealand.
Margaret Bates is unable to read the post-mortem report detailing her daughter's injuries.
Kelly-Anne Bates, 17, was tortured to death by her lover James Smith.
Smith burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes.
He also tied her to a radiator by her hair, broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body.
Ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in February, with visas limited at 50,000.
But at the start of March, Mr Farage overturned this by saying he would not set ‘arbitrary targets’
At the end of the month, the Ukip leader spoke of a net migration limit of ‘about 30,000 people a year’
The 200-year-old Cledford Hall in Cheshire is being knocked down to make way for a 'Butlins-style' gipsy camp costing £3.2million.
Villagers had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners.
But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
The mansion's Grade-II listed adjoining barn will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden.
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne.
They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time.
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season.
Reports in Italy suggest he has told the club's hierarchy he wants to leave this summer.
Tata Martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on Tevez's Argentina future.
UEFA have charged Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for a journalist who died at last summer’s World Cup.
Jorge 'El Topo' Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July.
Guardiola wore the top during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League.
A powdery white substance was found in the office of U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Forest Hills.
The congressman said that the Capitol police were 'prompt and professional'
The White substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the September 11 attacks.
The countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution.
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive'
Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
The two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo.
But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance.
Radamel Falcao moved to Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer.
The Colombian striker has struggled to reach the heights he achieved.
United will have to pay £46million to make the move permanent.
Paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in.
Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable.
Fiorentina's fading hopes of qualifying for the Champions League all but disappeared on Monday as they lost 1-0 at home Verona after conceding a late goal.
Mounir Obbadi scored from close range after Alessandro Diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side.
Christine Bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine.
The TV presenter has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years, and says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process'
Frank and Christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the Pride of Britain Awards five years ago.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the inferno.
His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’ nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs', while standing up for an SBS football reporter.
Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets which called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
McIntyre accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft'
The SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the broadcaster from McIntyre's comments on Saturday evening, saying they are 'not at all the views of @SBS'
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago.
RNA, which stands for ribonucleic acid, is a molecule made up of one or more nucleotides.
It is essential for all known forms of life, along with DNA and proteins.
Liverpool travel to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the Champions League places.
The Reds lost 1-0 at home to Manchester United prior to the international break.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by 0.042secs.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title on May 11.
Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic celebrate on their patch.
Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks.
Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the town hoping to catch a sighting of the impressive bird.
Residents in the town think that it might have escaped from an aviary and has learnt to associate humans with food.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-2 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Thiago Alcantara opened the scoring for the home side on 14 minutes.
Thomas Muller doubled Bayern's lead with 10 minutes of the first half still remaining.
Robert Lewandowski made it a hat-trick of headers on 27 minutes as the Bavarians raced away.
Bayern midfielder Xabi Alonso scored his side's six goal of the evening with two minutes to go.
In 2007, Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World'
Since 2011, the average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO.
The project is set to cost around £28.5million.
Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night.
That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol.
The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015.
Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video.
'Too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote of the event at Camp Williams, outside of Salt Lake City.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device.
Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year, prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget before it became widely available.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row.
Boy, who is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang, pleaded guilty.
The teenager pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry.
He became enraged when Mr Barry would not let the boy and his friends into the block of flats where he lived.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren.
The 35-year-old victim, who survived, was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock.
Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, known as 'Freddy' after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature.
In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area.
The savages of Islamic State have stepped up their use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks, even using their leader's alleged cousin to blow himself up at a checkpoint in Iraq.
Named as Abu Hafs al-Badri, the youthful teenager is claimed to be the cousin of Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi, the extremist group's self-styled caliph.
Abu Basir al-Shami blew himself up in Anbar province, near the Iraqi city of Ramadi.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, adopted 40 children over 26 years.
Found their first child in a box on the roadside one day in 1989.
They gradually took more and more disabled children into their home.
Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man.
The older brother of comedienne Mindy Kaling claims he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Despite his startling claims, he doesn't mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man.
Manchester United currently sit fourth in the Premier League table.
Louis van Gaal says United can still win the title if they win on Saturday.
Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession, completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect.
But they were unzipped by a goal in the 38th minute from Eden Hazard.
There is a growing sense that Mourinho and Van Gaal will be locked in full combat mode when the fixture list for the 2015-16 season is released in June.
Men in U.S. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs.
They fear the Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units, according to interviews and documents obtained by The Associated Press.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe.
In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere.
The supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region.
At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found.
But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Previous attempts to find a void at the distance of the Cold Spot were unsuccessful, but this latest study suggests it
Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester at the Stoop on Friday.
The 25-year-old has lost his England place to Exeter's Jack Nowell.
Edinburgh trained at Murrayfield in Scotland ahead of the final.
Tom Lineham scored a hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8.
The 22-year-old winger scored a treble in a losing cause at Castleford.
Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California.
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time.
Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with Team GB's men at London 2012.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction.
Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections.
It is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine in Kawasaki, Japan.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family a 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle.
The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members.
Whalen charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the New York area's 18 independent police forces merged into one.
Jordan Meikle was running the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf.
The 23-year-old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing.
He is captured standing before her stretching his muscles in front of the barriers.
Jordan then presents Kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday.
The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's eccentricity.
EU rules on organic farming require fish to be treated with homoeopathic remedies.
First line of treatment for organic fish should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution'
British and Norwegian vets have called directives'scientifically illiterate'
Vets say use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
Queen Letizia, 42, made an appearance at the Woman Awards in Madrid.
The mother-of-two showed off a sharply defined back in a sequinned dress.
She was joined by actress Salma Hayek, 48, who received an award.
Vaccine designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells.
It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit.
Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Hetrick has been heartbroken by the clampdown on his farm and the 72-year-old widower is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his men
John Caudwell, 62, claims visitors to his Jacobean manor in Staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs.
The businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict.
He sold off Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4billion and is ranked as the 42nd richest person in Britain.
Tonya Stack 'flipped me the bird' at fundraiser in honor of slain Afghanistan veteran.
State representative Kevin Boyle claims Stack threw the liquid at him.
He described the gesture as 'a trashy move' and said she retaliated.
Stack and Lt Governor Mike Stack are at the center of a political row.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland.
Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface.
Just a week later, as Tim started trying to rebuild his life, he was informed he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage.
Bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
It has already been pushed back until after the election.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England.
The majority have been ordinary at best.
Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall.
Nicole Phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on April 30.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Mark Hughes believes Bale should stay at the Bernabeu.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate.
Treatment comes from the U.S. - where else?
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday.
The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform.
It is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the Second World War.
The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Aden Gould, 21, opened two boxes of speakers at Sainsbury's in Stoke-on-Trent.
He put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security.
Staff took him into manager's office and forced him to empty his bag.
But he was cleared of shoplifting and ordered to pay £150 in compensation.
Isa Richardson, 46, made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p of pocket money.
The frightened youngster was confronted by Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down.
Richardson was caught and arrested on March 19 after CCTV operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash.
Stuart McCall still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid.
But with 12 players out of contract, McCall knows the Light Blues will need to strengthen if they have any chance of keeping pace with rivals Celtic next season.
Veggie balls will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe.
Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture.
Two months after announcing that he is leaving The Daily Show, Jon Stewart has revealed that he decided to quit because he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news.
Speaking for the first time since making his shock decision, Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore.
He also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, has shared four images on Twitter of bomb-making factory.
Father-of-two says he hopes to emerge as 'best Electronics LAB in Islamic state'
Tariq has methodically arranged room into areas for building bombs.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
They found that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria.
Stoke host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (5.30pm kick-off)
The Potters have won their last visit to the Londoners' ground in 1995.
Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea.
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie has been banned for six months.
Labadie was found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in a year.
The 24-year-old pleaded not guilty to the violent conduct charge at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday.
There were 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps during WWII.
Of them, just three were investigated for roles as accomplices to murder.
Charlotte S, now 94, was an SS guard in Ravensbrück and Auschwitz.
Gisela S worked in the feared SS under her maiden name of Demming.
She beat prisoners as punishment for petty rule infractions.
Tories promise voters'security at every stage of your life' during manifesto speech.
Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages.
Mr Cameron, wearing notably clean new work boots, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
Sam Bennett was involved in 50-rider pile-up at the Scheldeprijs one day Classic.
The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday.
Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
It is eight years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby.
But bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year.
Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year, with Clermont their primary challengers followed by Racing and Leinster.
Holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball be fired from trebuchet.
But sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse.
The thatched building, which overlooks the River Avon, was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
Ted Koran, 59, says he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time on the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night.
The only reason he decided not to kill himself on Saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife Karen had looked after together.
His experience highlights the problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen.
Exeter has been dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill space of Old Kent Road.
Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots, which are taken up on the London version by the likes of Mayfair and Park Lane.
No one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight takes place in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight will be streamed live across the world from 12am UK (7pm EDT)
A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Ian Bell says England did not underestimate the West Indies ahead of the first Test.
Colin Graves upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts'mediocre'
The West Indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in Antigua last week.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's eight matches this season.
The Welshman has been out injured with a buttock muscle injury.
Bale missed Real's 5-0 win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night.
Real have a 69 per cent win record when Bale has been away, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal.
The Bell 525 Relentless has an 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort.
Manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m)
Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour.
Aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California.
It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'
It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte.
These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch.
The battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
The self-confessed atheist Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the latest stop o his campaign trail.
He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' as they prayed for him.
Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist'
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga.
Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material.
After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano and at the club with one of the lowest budgets in Spanish football he has had the season of his life.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother.
Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death.
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter.
Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago.
Bergdahl walked away from the army and was captured by the Taliban in June of 2009.
This development comes one week after officials scheduled a July hearing for the Army sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments.
The Hibs boss did placatory – ‘I have a lot of respect for Peter and what he’s done’ – and followed it with accusatory.
Amir Khan wants to fight Kell Brook within the next 12 months.
The 28-year-old is desperate to extend his unbeaten streak to 10-and-a-half years.
Khan has rejected a £5million fight with Chris Algieri next month.
But Khan insists that there are'some more options' on the table.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex.
She is accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with Daniel Williams.
He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 9th minute.
Philippe Coutinho doubled the Reds' lead just before half-time.
Sterling was in total control of events from the moment Henderson’s pass arrived and it was terrific to watch.
Cleopatra believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man's heart.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality.
Aston Villa host QPR at White Hart Lane on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood has labelled the game the club's 'biggest game' for years.
The Villa boss admits he does not have the players to grind out results.
Victory would move Villa five points clear of the relegation zone.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby.
Franco Di Santo scored from the spot to keep their Europa League hopes alive.
Bruno Labbadia has been tasked with preventing Hamburg from going down for the first time ever.
Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter.
Men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
Perkins tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... This morning, someone suggested they’d like to see me burn to death'
Chloe Owens, 27, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant.
The app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
As well as breastfeeding the app covers important issues such as colic, and constipation, as well as post-natal depression.
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones.
His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas.
Aryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a Ybor City bar on February 12 after a night of partying.
After a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon, just a few blocks from her house.
Autopsy shows Foster's blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana.
Her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes.
Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population aged under 30.
The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Altogether, they donated nearly 15 percent of their income.
The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Designs show that the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out.
The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the Baltimore Police Department in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van', the report said.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season assessment.
The 19-year-old defender has been the SPFL young player of the month for March.
Denayer made his international debut for Belgium last month.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their Facebook accounts.
The trend comes as older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures.
Facebook has even started running television adverts to entice'silver surfers' to join.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked.
The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets.
Tim Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials, despite missing out on the job.
Francis Saili has signed a two-year deal with Munster.
Saili made his All Blacks debut against Argentina in 2013.
The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues.
Lauren Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park.
Among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar on 41st Street and 8th Avenue in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982.
The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics who mingled together.
Nadelman's son Stefan digitized his father's photos, keeping alive the stories of bar regulars and passersby that would be lost to history.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss.
Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching regulations.
Officers carried out inspections where they found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption.
Also found raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination.
Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest's Henri Lansbury.
The 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett’s Wanderers.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
Jess, 29, is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign.
The resort collection includes 15 swimwear pieces, including plunge, bandeau and boost bikinis.
Topshop and Topman is set to open a second store in Westfield Miranda.
The brand will pull out all stops in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways.
British brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from London each week.
Al Sharpton denies family asked him to stay away from Walter Scott's funeral.
Claims they wanted him to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus'
Also announced he would attend a vigil the day after the funeral on Sunday.
Allegations that Scott's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published.
Hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in North Korea's Pyongyang marathon.
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers.
The event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country, which is now led by brutal dictator Kim Jong un.
Last year Will Marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday.
Ms Wong shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning.
It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors.
The 26-year-old England full-back has spent five years at Wigan.
Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career.
Wigan have an option to bring Tomkins back to the DW Stadium.
Aljaz Bedene can't play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup.
Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month.
The 26-year-old is currently ranked 99 in the world, making him British No 2 behind Andy Murray.
Millionaire people trafficker Ermias Ghermay heard mocking migrant boat disasters.
He is thought to have made £72m with his accomplice Mered Medhanie.
The 34-year-old boasted: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry'
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, Maine, was arrested on Saturday afternoon.
Police were responding to reports that an apparently drunk woman was walking in and out of traffic and laying in the road.
She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail.
When deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest.
At his heaviest he was forced to order specialist XXXXXL clothes on the internet.
The result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola a day.
Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday.
They are the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group.
The six, whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels, are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Three of those charged in the newest complaint - Mohamed Farah, Abdurahman and Musse - were stopped at a New York City airport in November along with 19-year-old Hamza Ahmed.
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby on Sunday.
Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for Hibernian.
Hibs are now three points clear at the top of the Championship.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without a nose in March in Alabama.
A pro-life group put his photo in an ad in an effort to promote his story.
Facebook reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA.
It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2.
Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive watch on 21 April.
It will then go on general sale online and exclusively in the UK.
The original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199.
Sydney singleton Candice Ingram, 39, hates the sympathy she gets from coupled friends.
33 per cent of men say having too much alone time is the hardest part of being single.
Barcelona B winger Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City.
The 19-year-old winger turned down an offer from the Catalans.
Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Click here for more transfer news.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes.
The Grade II listed building was built in 1857-1859 by Corporation Surveyor John Weightman.
At different times, it had 60-90 cells, each measuring 7ft x 7ft with a heavy wooden door, 3ft thick brick walls and stone floors.
Pep Guardiola's contract with Bayern Munich expires at the end of the season.
Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said talks will take place this summer.
Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money.
Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
AP McCoy will attempt to win the Irish Grand National on Cantlow in his final race meeting in Ireland.
McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturday's Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Sharky Jama was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by FRM Management and lived in Melbourne.
He reportedly fled to Syria with his friend, former La Trobe University student Yusuf, to join the terror group.
His family were informed of his death on Monday and father Dada Jama told SBS Radio he had been told of news via a text message and phone call.
The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited'
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32.
She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months.
Now weighs 8st 9lbs, which means she is very slim for her 5tf 7in height.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir.
When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground.
The Chilean national has since been jailed for two weeks.
Daley Blind posted a picture of himself and his father Danny on Instagram.
The Manchester United star's birthday was in March.
Blind has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September.
Former Sainsbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques.
Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime.
It relates to Sainbury's joint venture with local supermarket chain Edge.
Wayne Kyle, the father of American Sniper Chris Kyle, gave his first interview since the end of his killer's trial on Thursday.
He said it was 'horrible' to be in the same room as his son's killer Eddie Routh, who was sentenced to life in prison without parole in February.
Mr Kyle was the first to teach his son how to shoot a gun, and gifted him his first weapon at the age of 8.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams.
Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad.
The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa.
Young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Rhodri Giggs was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance.
The 37-year-old said the offence on October 14 last year 'wasn't intentional'
Giggs was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from the Gold Coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend.
The avid angler spent three hours trying to reel in the monster off the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle.
He said he was 'absolutely shattered, I had blood blisters all over my hands, I've got some nice callouses coming up now'
The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30.
Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - allowing the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip.
Arsenal won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow, on both occasions seeing off Liverpool.
Kick-off time has also been confirmed as 5.30pm on Saturday May 30, with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets.
A collection of pictures of Christina O'Gorman posing for her father back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken.
The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Mervyn was 42.
They are part of the Royal Photographic Society, held at the National Media Museum in Bradford.
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon.
The storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h)
It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon on Saturday or Sunday.
Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston.
For Saturday, the Weather Channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson.
Winds, tornadoes, and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday by the news outlet.
Reading drew 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium in the FA Cup.
Conor McAleny opened the scoring in the 90th minute for Cardiff.
Pogrebnyak put the visitors ahead in the fourth minute.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for the Premier League leaders.
Ander Herrera was penalised for diving late on.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
There have been calls for Mr Johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as party seeks to break away from Labour.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception when he was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle on Thursday.
The Sunderland striker was booed by some when he walked out.
Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby on Sunday.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season.
The defender activated a clause in his current deal at Tynecastle.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for Wilson.
Business leaders expressed concerns over negative tactics employed by Tory campaign.
They believe they have done little to discredit Ed Miliband, bookies' favourite to be PM.
Comes just weeks after more than 100 of Britain's top business leaders backed the Conservatives' economic plan.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator threw confetti at him during a press conference in Frankfurt, Germany.
The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards.
A third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi and flashed a V-for-victory sign.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, has been missing almost six months, police said.
The search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock, Michigan.
Miss Bruck was last seen dressed as Batman villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party on October 25 attended by around 800 people.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final.
The Inverness defender was sent off for deliberate handball.
Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty.
Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport.
He is believed to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East.
In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants.
The 43-year-old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list.
The dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings.
The dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap through the air.
Palaeontologists in China say it belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz.
She was chosen to play to Julie, who died from putrid throat.
Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the final of the Miami Open on Friday night.
Djokovic is aiming to win his fifth title in Miami and will take on Andy Murray in Sunday's final.
The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday.
More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar.
The decision to award the World Cup to Qatar, which has questionable labour laws, has been controversial.
Sarah Thomas, 42, has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
The Baltimore Sun's Aaron Wilson broke the story, with the NFL refusing to confirm the appointment.
SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the N-word.
John Hargrove was a trainer at SeaWorld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary Blackfish.
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday.
Her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region.
She had insisted on making a 'quick trip' into town after two days without power and with limited food supplies.
The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine.
The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19'
Couple'started arguing over his 'infidelity' in bedroom at 3.40am'
Carried couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in face at close range.
When medics arrived at scene, they pronounced young mother dead at scene.
Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at court.
Suspect had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman.
If convicted, he faces up to
Son-in-law Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was charged Monday with allegedly running a $7million Ponzi scheme.
Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle and is a co-owner of their mutual fund, Allese Capital LLC, and a certified public accountant who 'kept the books'
Silver was arrested in January for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since at least 2000.
Rafael Benitez is out of contract at the end of the season.
The Spaniard has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli.
It has been rumoured he could replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to leave school grounds to eat their lunch everyday.
Pictures of students sitting on the kerb eating their lunch have spread rapidly across Wechat, China's version of Whatsapp.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years.
For the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge, as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality.
Audrey Hepburn's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents.
A third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their babies.
Ten per cent opt for pop tunes, while Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata both bagged braces in the win.
The pair have been in scintillating form in recent games.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Princess Madeleine, 32, is thought to be six months pregnant with her second child.
The baby will be born in Stockholm following her parents' move to the city last summer.
Nathaly Hernandez has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old.
The smiley toddler was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
Footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight.
Pacquiao says he must be a 'warrior in the ring', bringing a never-say-die attitude to each round.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.
The 2002 World Cup winner believes football will continue to grow in popularity in the United States.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, has admitted she prefers her younger son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7.
The mother-of-two says she has been attacked and called 'a freak' but that she is 'a normal loving Mum'
Ms Cox says she doesn't want anyone else to touch her son Alex or rub their smell on him because it would interfere with his unique and special smell.
Her revelations came to light during the taping of an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry.
Mark Jones is accused of killing his daughter Amelia Rose Jones at her home.
She died of a bleed to the brain the day before she was rushed to hospital.
The 45-year-old denies murder at Newport Crown Court.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, Scott after he had a vasectomy.
She’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout.
Jermain Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge.
Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Katy, Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, during a domestic argument Tuesday night.
Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the bedroom, prompting their son to step in.
He allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back, sending the teen fleeing for his life.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont at the Aviva Stadium on Saturday.
Mark McCall's side contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack.
The Saracens director of rugby has no intention of overspending.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast.
He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean.
But doubters have questioned how Jordan appeared in such good shape.
Jordan declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder.
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea.
The 16-year-old was plucked from the water by a RAF rescue helicopter.
He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Northumberland Police are not treating the teenager's death as suspicious.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years.
The 22-year-old was signed from Crystal Palace for £10million in 2013.
Zaha has rediscovered his form at Crystal Palace this season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for three-day warm-up against an Oxford University side.
Pietersen has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England following the humiliating Ashes whitewash defeat last year.
The 34-year-old has given up a lucrative deal with Indian Premier League side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey.
Ronny Deila's Celtic take on Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with.
Deila believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year.
But yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
Buy and Keep launched in April 2014 for Sky+HD subscribers.
It is now available to everyone in the UK and Ireland.
Firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors.
Recent releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington, alongside classics such Avatar, Back to the Future and Wizard of Oz.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
The Gunners went on to reach the final with a 2-1 win.
Reading's Adam Federici scored the only goal of the game.
Gary Lineker was left with a spare few minutes to fill during the match.
Clarkson, 54, was sacked in March after attacking a producer during filming.
Presenter has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset'
But the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who sent their support.
Ms Rippon, 70, who first presented the show 38 years ago, said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she were invited back.
A greedy mother was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt.
The woman was escorted out of the racecourse when she became 'irate'
She told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats.
Organiser Allan Turner said parents were a major problem at the event.
He said the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation, while raising money for Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation.
Andy Murray defeated Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
British No 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world number 83 as motivation to better themselves.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet.
It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013.
The building has specially designed 'huddle zones' and a'meeting tower'
Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days.
It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in Sunday's London Marathon.
The grim forecast comes after Britain basked in one of the warmest Aprils on record.
Steve Clarke's Reading lost 1-0 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final.
Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for the Gunners.
But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error gave Arsenal the lead.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller was a British solicitor and former Mayor of Glastonbury.
He was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945.
The late solicitor struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband Daniel in Mesa parking lot.
Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, had been yelling at her husband.
She had blamed problems in their family on Obama and 'just hated' him, according to him.
Daniel Solomon, 36, was taken to hospital in critical condition with shattered pelvis and torn artery.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida.
Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff’s Deputies.
She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Nyia Parler, 41, 'left her quadriplegic son alone in Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible'
Just 24 hours earlier, police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland.
The 21-year-old, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, is now in Philadelphia Children's Hospital with his aunts, where he is being treated for dehydration and cuts to his back and eyes.
The woman escaped from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria where she lives.
She said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone.
Women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother.
They are not allowed to travel without a man accompanying them and any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police.
Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean.
But the corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces.
On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
Businesswoman and Apprentice judge helped David Cameron with his jacket.
Apprentice judge appeared alongside Mr Cameron to announce apprenticeships.
Mr Cameron pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over next five years.
Hillary Clinton was born in Ystradyfodwg, near Neath and Merthyr Tydfil.
Her great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was also born in the Welsh Valleys.
She married William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871 and the couple settled there.
Hannah Jones' family hailed from a poor mining district which is now part of Rhondda.
Mrs Clinton could claim that her path to the presidency began 160 years ago.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand zoo, 200 miles south of Oslo.
Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the zoo on Easter Monday.
Vets rushed to the scene but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe, who died in front of shocked families.
Portugal beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final.
Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola's side lose.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline.
The 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son Quinnlann Clancy for a sweet snapshot.
'Boogie boarding with my baby,' she captioned the image.
Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post near Copenhagen, Denmark.
The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday.
But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding.
Police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements.
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan and was built in the 8th century.
Monastery is perched precipitously on a narrow ledge high above the Paro Valley.
Real Madrid and Atletico drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Jan Oblak was the only thing standing between Real Madrid and a hatful of first-half goals.
Gareth Bale didn't work hard enough for the Spanish giants.
Oblak made a superb save to deny James Rodriguez from opening the scoring.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Guardiola has been a top target for several European clubs.
The Spaniard won the domestic double last season.
Christy, 46, had just given birth to Grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage, causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries.
But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
A 49-year-old cancer patient showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer.
Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses' ever seen.
They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab, and hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League.
QPR beat West Brom 1-0 to keep their survival hopes alive.
Ramsey has been criticised for his poor results.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United for £31.5million from Southampton last summer.
The 19-year-old has made just 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils.
Shaw admits he doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club Chelsea on Saturday.
John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when Newcastle lost 2-1 to Sunderland.
Gullit controversially left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson.
Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position at St James' Park.
The 30-year-old singer was diagnosed with Lyme disease in early April.
Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have the disease.
A graphic on NBC's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as 'Lauren'
The flub was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online.
Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
Madonna's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan.
The word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering.
It follows closely on Madonna's other opinion-splitting move - kissing Drake live on stage.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh.
It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over 87-year-old's finances.
She later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer.
But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020.
This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997.
He scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club.
However, a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow.
Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team.
Investigators have now rescued 550 fisherman slaves from a remote Indonesian island after returning to the scene of an earlier rescue to check nobody was left behind.
A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified.
Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
An in-depth investigation by The Associated Press published last month led to the discovery of massive rights abuses in Benjina and surrounding waters.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania already work in the UK.
They are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain.
Employment agency Mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ.
The researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and US.
They used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of 'diplodocid' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the Earth.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time.
With it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars, for example.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute.
Jordan Rhodes doubled Blackburn's lead in injury time.
Gestede scored his 20th goal of the season for the Rovers.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15.
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent goal drought.
The 23-year-old looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts.
She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax – which is legal – rather than evade it, which is not.
However, bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise.
Gabrielle Giffords, 44, walked with the help of a cane through LA airport.
The former U.S. representative survived an attempted assassination four years ago.
She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors.
They were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages.
The majority were kept in a squalid garden shed, court heard.
Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands coast.
Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory.
It comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field.
Find could increase fears of renewed conflict over British overseas territory.
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off.
That’s more than half of the 50g of sugar the WHO recommends per day.
And a Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
These ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’
Mr Hendrick argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well.
For The Superhero Project, Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything.
Mrs. Bergeron's first superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, who was born prematurely, has had multiple brain surgeries, and has a feeding tube in her stomach.
Michelle Pfeiffer has teamed up with Katie Couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program.
Also involved in the project is Diane English, the creator of Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor.
The ladies are currently in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
Fenerbahce's bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor, which Fener won 5-1, in Turkey's Super Lig.
The decision to suspend football in Turkey affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case.
Her father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler's minister of economics.
The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography.
Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn.
The fire apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke.
Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely, and firefighters still do not know the cause.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials to outbreak.
Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant in Flagstaff were found to carry the illness.
The Southwestern US is similar to the plains of Central Asia where plague began.
The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral.
She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning, but it did not leave any permanent damage.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges.
She refused to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
The panel has been told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between 2004 and 2013.
Ms Ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct at Morecambe Bay Foundation Trust to appear before the NMC.
Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday.
His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury.
The zoo said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday.
Apple Watch goes on sale on the 24th April.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.
Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the US can try on and experience Apple Watch at their local Apple Store or select Apple Authorised Resellers in Japan and China.
Rachel Simpson, 15, has one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated.
The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
This is important in the production of blood cells, and the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection.
Alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia.
Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury.
The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November.
He was an unused substitute in the defeat by Manchester United immediately before the international break, their first in the league since mid-December.
Liverpool host Arsenal at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the league.
This fixture's first hat-trick hero was Robbie Fowler, who scored three times in August 1994.
Thierry Henry scored a treble against Liverpool at Highbury back in 2004.
Tesco's clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market.
The dress, which is exclusively available on Tesco’s website, is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten.
It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
Cao Yu, 22, held off the man in a public square in Guizhou province.
She continued to grapple with him as he wielded a 60 centimetre-long machete.
The thug stabbed her in the shoulder and right hand before her colleagues arrived.
Chinese social media users praised 'tough girl' Cao Yu for her bravery.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years.
Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK.
Greece is the biggest improver with its 5.6 million incoming passengers from Britain a 13.2 per cent increase.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's trip to Newcastle with hamstring injury.
Striker Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness.
Daryl Janmaat could be fit to take his place in the team despite injury scare.
Fabricio Coloccini will complete his three-match ban and Papiss Cisse sits out fourth of his seven Premier League games.
Rory McIlroy will play the traditional three-par tournament for the first time in over a decade.
Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his two offspring Charlie and Sam.
The PIONEER GENE saw the 80th anniversary of the most famous shot in the tournament’s history with an albatross on the 15th hole in the final round to edge out Craig Wood.
Javier Hernandez is on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
The 26-year-old is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
Karim Benzema missed Real Madrid's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964.
But the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes.
Mr Gee made the five-hour journey to the site every year to remember his father.
He paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor.
While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers’ play-off push towards the Premiership.
The Northern Ireland international joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Alex Song has picked his XI for The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports.
West Ham's on-loan Barcelona midfielder has also played for Arsenal and Cameroon at international level.
Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League.
Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying as coach of Curacao.
The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Sunderland's clash with Crystal Palace.
Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem.
Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing.
Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness.
Mile Jedinak likely to return after his four-match suspension.
Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’
Documents show Saracens’ wage bill soared by another £1million last season.
The north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban.
Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban for the Baggies.
Ben Foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while Callum McManaman is not yet fit despite closing in on a comeback after a foot problem.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts.
The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City, but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break.
Nigel Farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ for censoring poll that suggests he is on course for humiliating personal defeat in the General Election.
The secret Ukip-commissioned poll shows that Farage has fallen behind his Tory opponent in the Kent seat he is contesting.
And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast.
If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready.
He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year.
Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014.
Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago.
She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa.
Her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, are currently living in fear.
They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago.
In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year.
Bus ploughed into Boeing 777 passenger jet at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan.
The plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways service.
It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Dublin.
Bafetimbi Gomis came off during Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton.
The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle.
Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11.
Lawrence Tynes is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail.
Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season.
The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas,'shot cat with bow believing it was feral'
But local rescue center say cat was domesticated and had been missing for two weeks.
The Colorado State graduate lost her job at the Washington Animal Clinic after the image began circulating online.
Local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for the Premier League leaders.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack.
Pippa Middleton was spotted out jogging for the second time this week.
The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from London to Brighton to raise money for charity.
She showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorts by Adidas.
Wasps won away from home in the Aviva Premiership for the first time in 2015.
Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13.
A. Alfred Taubman, the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success — including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into American culture — was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career.
Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain, for which he traveled to Hungary to figure out why the country's sausage was so good.
Five Chinese feminist activists detained by police for more than a month.
They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport.
The women have been linked to several stunts over the last few years.
Charges of 'provoking trouble' have been increasingly used by Chinese police.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
The Ligue 1 champions need three goals to progress to the semi-finals.
Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can do it against Barcelona.
CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Didier Drogba was spotted on his mobile phone in London on Tuesday.
The Chelsea striker replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday after the Spain international was forced off with a hamstring injury.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees.
The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment.
A good Samaritan, who has not been identified, was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs.
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative are refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors.
The errors, which have not been previously reported, appear.
on the form 990s that all non-profit organizations must file annually with the Internal Revenue Service to maintain their.
tax-exempt status.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
No details or cause of death have been released.
Man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford.
He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle.
Today his boss, who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing, revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.
KJ Rail, which owns the van,
The 34-year-old reality star revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags.
The mother-of-one said that the 22-month-old will inherit her entire wardrobe when she gets older.
Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 - the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire.
The hut commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight, but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach.
Despite its hefty price tags, the huts have no mains water or electricity, although this one does have a solar panel for 12v electric lights and power, a fridge and a full-size gas cooker.
Hut
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove.
But the Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body.
She checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone.
Dutch king Willem-Alexander and his glamorous wife Maxima were welcomed in Dordrecht today.
The visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal.
Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday and is traditionally marked with a royal procession.
Teenager filmed meowing in distress as he flushes Tilly's head in the toilet.
He claimed he was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis.
Tilly was in such a sorry state that she had to be put to sleep.
Owner Sarah Reeves, 19, also banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force.
The Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions.
He pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area.
Costa was unable to contact his wife but, assuming she had left in a taxi, lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
The $300million mega-fight is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport.
Filipino boxer has been keen to show off his athletic body.
Coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the Coca-Cola range'
Since March the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie, zero sugar version.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
At last count, he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations.
Ferguson made a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund.
Mengyu's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery.
Her father left the family home in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was going to Binzhou City to find work.
He has not been heard from since.
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire.
32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children.
Among them are rape and sexual activity with a child.
Dennis will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month.
Barcelona host fourth-placed Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
Luis Enrique has urged his players to focus on the La Liga title race.
Andreas Iniesta has been ruled out of the clash with Valencia.
Real Madrid host Malaga in the quarter-final on Saturday evening.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees.
Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from a maximum of £9,000 a year to £6,000.
Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left, including halting the roll-out of Iain Duncan Smith's popular changes to benefits.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough.
The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable.
Their six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
Antonio Conte insists his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories'
Former Juventus boss Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Graziano Pelle opened the scoring before Andros Townsend equalised.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window.
He is fed treats and patted on the head by visitors who show up.
One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
Zhu Diandian has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet.
The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st)
But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two.
Experts fear millions of Asian hornets could be heading for Britain.
They are thought to have travelled to France on some Chinese pot plants in 2004.
The two-inch-long hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees.
One Asian hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute, while a handful can destroy a hive of 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See.
But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the Vatican.
Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican between 2001 and 2005.
Camilla Kerslake, 26, arrived at the Olivier Awards in London on Sunday.
She was joined by England rugby captain Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier.
The 'pre-engaged' couple looked the picture of happiness.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season.
Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients.
But they were not the only contenders.
Jordan Henderson was outstanding and Martin Skrtel was a big presence.
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is objecting to proposals by iRobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower.
The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design.
Winston Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959.
Party brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign.
Churchill, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother.
The elderly lady didn't realise she was in store for two surprises.
As Jessica walked through the door, she revealed she had had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona cruised past PSG at the Nou Camp.
Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain.
Leo almost burned down his owner's home in Peckham, south-east London.
The Staffordshire-Boxer cross accidentally switched on the cooker.
Firefighters believe he knocked one of the knobs, turning the rings on.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years.
The couple bought their home in Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987.
They spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell'
They have been forced to board up every window in their home for protection.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match in Clermont's 37-5 thrashing of Northampton.
Abendanon won the last of his two caps for England back in 2007.
A World Cup dispensation has been discussed for Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage.
Millwall beat Charlton 2-1 at The Den on Good Friday night.
Jos Hooiveld's late goal secured the Lions' first win at the Den since October.
Alou Diarra gave Charlton the lead against the run of play in the second half.
Charlton had Chris Solly dismissed midway through the first half.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975.
Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos.
Jay Dasilva was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final in Nyon, Switzerland.
Former Arsenal and England striker Ian Wright has hailed the 16-year-old as better than any current Premier League left-back.
Dasilva's team-mates Tammy Abraham, Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett are set to enjoy bright futures in the game.
Kate Major Lohan has been arrested AGAIN for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report.
Michael made a 911 call on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated.
Their argument then turned physical, with Kate reportedly scratching Michael's back.
Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director.
He picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film, Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
The cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, following refurbishment of the now abandoned building.
The Senate Democratic leader, Harry Reid, says he may never again see out of one eye.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised.
Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game.
Bild lead with the picture of Guardiola's pants and the headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!'
Record simply lead with 'disaster' on their front page, adding that Porto had 'the worst defeat in their European history'
Celtic were awarded a penalty in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Frank Lampard’s infamous ‘ghost’ goal against Germany in the 2010 World Cup finally brought matters to a head.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found.
He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina, the morning after an alleged 'kegger' at the house for the annual Irish holiday.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury.
Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United.
The Ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea's last two games, wins over Queens Park Rangers and United.
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour.
She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager.
According to her husband Paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000.
Two images show a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.
But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week.
The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National, and Golf Channel said he was seen on the practice range Friday morning at the club.
Woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes because of tightness in his lower back.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975.
He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out.
Nguyen managed to get out of his suit and jump into the water seconds before the helicopter crashed and sent shrapnel flying everywhere.
His family would be part of the 30,000 South Vietnamese refugees ultimately rescued by the Kirk.
Serena Williams reached the semi-finals of the Miami Open on Wednesday.
The world No 1 beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to progress.
Williams will face either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep in the final.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League next season.
The Hammers currently sit first in the Premier League with 999 points.
West Ham will be playing at Upton Park for the last time before moving to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23.
Harry Kane posted a picture to Instagram reminiscing on St George's Day.
Gary Cahill posted a 'Proud to be English' video with England Rugby.
'We Will Burn America' includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks.
The 11 minute-long video also features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley.
Subtitles claim previous jihadis managed to carry out the attacks with 'less resources' than what ISIS currently has.
In broken English, it goes on: 'By Allah's willing, the fear will spread among them again soon'
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy.
A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close.
Democrat campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson were featured in Hillary Clinton's video announcing her 2016 White House bid.
The couple were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year.
Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'I’m getting married this summer to someone I really care about'
Aston Villa have reached the FA Cup final for the first time since 1982.
Tim Sherwood's side beat Liverpool to reach the final at Wembley.
Villa were one of the founder members of the Football League.
The hot spot, near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles.
Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere.
Like carbon dioxide, it contributes to global warming.
In the latest video from the Elders React YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious results, all of which are caught on camera.
While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
Barnet defeated Gateshead 2-0 in the Conference on Saturday.
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring with a 25th-minute header.
Martin Allen's side have now returned to the Football League after a two-year absence.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show.
Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with cement at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want his side to lose any more ground to their rivals.
City have lost just three times in the Premier League this season.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence and assault.
The 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks last year, taunting officers with selfies taken outside their headquarters.
He has now been jailed for eight months after spending less than five months behind bars.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40pm on Saturday night.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday.
Richardson was six months pregnant and her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
Manchester City have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans.
Club have increased the cost of some season tickets from £870 to £1,700.
The disabled bays subject to the huge increase are in the same section of the stadium as the prime pitchside second tier.
Some disabled fans say the improved offering is useless to them.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga on Monday night.
Striker Jonathas scored his 10th goal of the season.
Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise for the away side.
John Carver would walk away from Newcastle if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition.
Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies.
The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
The percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070.
By 2050, there will be 2.8billion Muslims and 2.9billion Christians, researchers have predicted.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31.
McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol and paracetamol.
This is the first time that this side effect has been discovered.
Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Bath at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit.
He helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Peter Gale was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey.
The 47-year-old sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil, Mail on Sunday can reveal.
School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Peter Fox, 26, is believed to have fled to London following the murders.
His mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in Bootle, Merseyside.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Police are appealing for the public's help to track down Mr Fox.
They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, is thought to be Britain's oldest serving prison.
The father-of-four was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after admitting abuse.
Pinsard first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
Judge branded historic case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed him.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015.
He beat Lucy O'Byrne and Rita Ora in the final of the show.
His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts.
Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer.
Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012.
The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to.
Man in his 70s barricaded himself into his home after shooting daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night.
After a night of failed negotiations, the shooter opened fire on the elite police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning.
The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at Hospital Clinico in Zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun.
1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner.
The biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women.
Generational Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending.
One in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96% make at least one unplanned purchase per month.
Nico Rosberg says Ferrari's pace is 'dangerous' and 'worrying'
Mercedes pair Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel finished third and fourth quickest, just over half a second adrift of Rosberg.
Rosberg trails Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it.
She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible.
'Dancing has been my favorite thing since I was four. I don't have part of my leg, but I can't let that stop me. I still want to dance,' she said.
Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the Premier League.
But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink.
Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help.
The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight.
On Thursday, the trapped baggage handler's desperate 911 call was released, revealing the man's panic and terror.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find the girls.
Said he could not promise they would ever be found by his government.
It is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram.
They were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members.
Amanda Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong.
Since the 1950s, when doctors started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage, they have clamped the cord.
They feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby.
Robert Durst, 72, was arrested in March for the murder of his friend Susan Berman in 2000.
Authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in New Orleans.
They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run.
His lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx, HBO's six-part series about Durst.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State.
He was speaking on ABC's 7.30 following the Federal Government's announcement 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq.
Mr Andrews said Australian troops will not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night to move eight points clear of Aberdeen.
Manager Ronny Deila was impressed with his side's performance.
Deila also hit out at the state of pitches in Scotland.
Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly.
That includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
Study by Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal.
By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent.
Comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
The baby was found dead at a home in Perry Barr, Birmingham, yesterday.
The 25-year-old man and woman, 22, have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
West Midlands Police say the death is being treated as suspicious.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked a female housemate.
The pair were last seen kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away.
Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman.
Martynas Kupstys spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014.
The Lithuanian killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court.
Before the murder, he posed on video brandishing a large meat cleaver and waving it at the person behind the camera in a threatening manner.
He also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler.
The 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially available to the masses until May.
Pet owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals.
One per cent of dogs are glued to the TV for over 10 hours.
The nation's cats, dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals while shunning reality shows such as TOWIE.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement on Tuesday.
She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said in the statement.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in raid on home of 92-year-old man.
She and another man bluffed their way in and stole whisky, decanter and phone.
Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Doherty jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed.
The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning.
Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
He and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure.
They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80,000 by Tuesday evening.
The donations have more than doubled since yesterday with over $47,000 being donated to GoFundMe.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness.
Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected.
Consumer group Which? warned that not all clinics are properly explaining the risks involved.
The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening.
He said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday.
Anyone trying to access HSBC's Young Entrepreneur Awards page was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 and the organisers allowed its registration on HSBC.com.hk to retire.
HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at Britannia Hotels in Leeds.
Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by Alex Nkoroi.
She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done and in October he began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.
Tribunal at City Exchange in Leeds awarded her £19,500 compensation for injury to her feelings.
Scientists from Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men.
Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time.
It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are, but a small number have the ability to travel through the body, creating new tumours as they go.
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint.
The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
While parked outside of the emergency room, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade, and was confronted by police before she was shot and killed.
Cengiz Guven is supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day.
The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things for the past four years, but in between Anzac Days his work has a superstar flavour.
'The army is here, we are here. It will be okay,' Mr Guven said.
Robert Mugabe arrived in Pretoria, South Africa, for a state visit today.
He appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings.
However, the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman.
The comical image emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Mugabe reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall.
Attorney General Eric Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate.
Holder described an 'emotional attachment' to the department and recounted efforts to protect civil rights, prosecute terror suspects in federal court and change the criminal justice system.
The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia groups.
Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt, as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea.
Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers, women being sold between militia groups, and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships.
Nigel Farage says he gets a 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people.
But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly.
Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on ‘no evidence whatsoever’
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male.
After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
Early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again.
A trough of low pressure was forming along the coast, and would hit heaviest in the far northern parts of the state.
SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills said the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts.
Incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district.
In the right hand corner of the screen a balloon can be seen edging closer to a transmission tower, but it seems it be moving in a controlled manner.
Suddenly the balloon begins plummeting to the ground as the filmmaker continues to drive towards it.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Liverpool.
Arsene Wenger has condemned the likes of Jack Wilshere and Wojciech Szczesny over smoking incidents.
Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea are monitoring Sterling's contract talks closely.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service.
Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning.
The Goat Grazer Beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim.
Mesut Ozil missed Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle last month.
Arsene Wenger insists he is satisfied with Ozil's explanation.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Lewis Hamilton said he stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008.
The Briton said the incident occurred at the event in London.
Hamilton said he did not apologise and kept going to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week.
The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead, rather than his journey.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season.
The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers is keen to fill the void created by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Liverpool began their pursuit of Milner almost 12 months ago.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years.
It hosted acts like the Rolling Stones, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Bon Jovi, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin.
The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium.
James Ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in Burnley, Lancashire.
Father-of-six needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body.
He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home and see his children.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time, but his shot was saved.
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody.
Banda, a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue, has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story.
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one every week.
His newest models are nearly 90 years old and he is selling them for £10,000.
He says his customers love the Model T because they don't require road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night.
Louis van Gaal has revealed that Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Man United players ruled out.
Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders.
Tim Sherwood threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of Christian Benteke's first half equaliser.
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead, getting on the end of Bobby Zamora's cross.
Benteke scored his seventh Premier League goal of the season with a terrific free-kick after 33 minutes.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches.
Photograher Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook.
The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format.
Flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former England team-mate and fellow 2009 Ashes-winner.
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have fallen in form recently.
Oscar was substituted at half time but Jose Mourinho insists he will bounce back.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit.
The two-page booklet details President Barack Obama's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and DAPA (DAPA) policies.
Critics of the booklet claim that the card is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss said gender equality laws have 'b*****ed up the game'
The 84-year-old also claimed the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage.
The Open Championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the BBC before Sky Sports takes over.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway in 1997 for just £65,000.
It took two years to complete the purchase, four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration.
But despite that, the couple insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
The Grade A-listed building was lovingly transformed into a stunning home while staying true to its historical roots.
Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results.
The Gunners have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions this season.
Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad.
A Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale.
The new kit can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back.
Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses.
The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members.
They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income.
The 12-cabin-high structure was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees.
It teeters at an impressive 12 storys high, bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in Dr Seuss's books.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame for his team's defeat.
City are four points clear of their rivals in the race for a Champions League place.
Patrick Vieira is believed to be willing to step in as interim manager.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer.
Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool.
Ironman star promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron.
His offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride.
It raised £1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity, which will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma.
Falcao takes a 2-1 lead before Aguero scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2.
Manuel Pellegrini's side travel to Old Trafford looking to secure a Champions League place after defeat to Crystal Palace.
Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City.
Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season.
Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized on Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
The ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jenson Button crashed into Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49.
The incident unfolded in front of Fernando Alonso who moved up two places.
Maldonado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of football fans.
The images show men and women rushing towards those crushed in tragedy.
Investigators have urged anyone who recognises them to come forward.
They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry into 1989 disaster.
Ninety-six people died after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed.
Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji.
Emoji are popular in the Instagram community, with nearly half of Instagram captions already featuring the small pictures.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning.
Their father Neil Shepherd and his partner Ruth Beatson were also almost killed.
Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool.
Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers.
Italian champions want at least £55m for midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls in New York City.
The Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm.
Hillary Clinton was helping approve Russia's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million.
The property, called 'Alkira,' features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots.
It's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it's arms outstretched.
Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp.
Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told'monster' James Tingley 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet'
Wilson continued by saying he thinks locking him up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison 'is worth every penny'
Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period.
Strike will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours.
Experts fear up to half of all flights between UK and France could be axed.
Families returning from Easter holidays and those hoping for last-minute break will be worst affected.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places.
Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system.
Liverpool host Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti.
He insisted the car was to be in his driveway in just 12 hours.
Obi Okeke, owner of Fusion Luxury Motors, was given the task of getting Mayweather the Bugatti in just 11 hours.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope.
They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays.
A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres.
The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds.
Nigella will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 for the first time in three years.
The show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'
It will mark Nigella's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Mr Saatchi and the subsequent court case.
She was forced to divulge details of the pair's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory.
Giffo, 42, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
While she takes and edits all manner of photographs, she has a particular affinity with the night sky.
Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20pm on Saturday.
After taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club.
Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
The 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies, including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks.
His aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told Time this week that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S.
The relatives have also attempted to get messages to Tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers.
However it appears that this request was now at odds with Tsarnaev's mother, who ranted in the wake of his guilty conviction that her son is 'the best
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex.
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study.
Students enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university.
Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013.
For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent.
Whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for President Barack Obama's health care law, or a milestone on the path toward his goal of getting virtually all U.S. residents covered, remains to be seen.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering.
Sentenced to 155 years in prison and will spend at least 21 behind bars.
Images were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate Bergen-Belsen.
The huts once contained the bodies of thousands of Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled.
Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform.
The Year 9 student never made it to class and her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work.
Castle Hill Police have been assisting Melissa's family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since.
Chris Robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake.
England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Wigan beat Warrington 30-20 at the DW Stadium on Thursday night.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Ben Flower returned from six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis.
A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
She said that she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression.
Hollie's experience led the Sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with evacuation of Allied troops.
The boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz.
It went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a London dock, allowing people to get to other bessels.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, 'tickle tickle'
Accused of pulling on feet of Ramiro James Villegas, 22, who was recently shot dead.
Trainee officer who was with Stringer at the time told how he 'pulled on corpse's toes'
Said he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and later told her to lie about what she'd seen.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, Douglas Mess, 52, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home.
Tiger Woods gave Yao Ming a golfing lesson at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai.
Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7.
The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in the La Liga derby on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend.
The 30-year-old moved above Lionel Messi in the race for the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Joe Hart admitted it was one of his 'worst days in a Man City shirt'
Manchester City are four points behind leaders United and 12 behind Chelsea.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate.
The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34.
They said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane  – that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water.
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres)
The model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'
But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
It is not known how much these repairs will cost in the UK and other regions and MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray.
Incident occurred after QPR drew 3-3 with Burnley at Loftus Road last year.
Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool.
Was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom.
She starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play'
But as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands.
He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance.
Police Scotland said they had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
The 44-year-old from Oldham had just returned from a holiday in Algeria.
Great Manchester Police Chadderton said the weather was 'too hot'
The incident was shared by the police on its Facebook page.
There was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine.
Neil Robertson beat Jamie Jones 10-2 at The Crucible in Sheffield.
Robertson revealed a new practice repertoire which he hopes will lift him among the game's all-time greats.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the Oyston family.
He was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
A fellow Blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website ‘go fund me’ which has attracted interest across Britain.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season.
The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in May 2013.
United currently sit third in the Premier League table - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea.
Lord Tebbit hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man' with'real depth of experience'
Former Tory party chairman said PM had never had a 'proper job' before entering politics unlike Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee or Aneurin Bevan.
The former airline pilot also criticised Mr Cameron’s tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government, and even suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal in 2-2 draw with Malaga.
The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line to pull Malaga back into the game before half-time.
Torres has scored just four goals for Diego Simeone's side since January.
Rio Ferdinand signed for Queens Park Rangers from Manchester United last summer.
The 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of October.
Ferdinand has been suspended, benched or out of the squad altogether.
QPR sit two points from safety after drawing 3-3 at Aston Villa.
A nine-year-old boy has died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash.
Piper Kulk died on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred.
It is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008.
Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe - the UK's 'fifth emergency service'
Firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
Manny Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of his MGM Grand summit with Floyd Mayweather.
Pacquiao had been training in Los Angeles at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station.
Boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come May 2.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to stop Marouane Fellaini from continuing his good form.
The 20-year-old man-marked the Belgian superbly.
Mourinho explained that he'd asked the young Frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10' clash.
Chelsea host QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Ramires and Nemanja Matic are set to feature in the back four.
Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in Chelsea's last 11 games.
Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand.
Martin Skrtel believes Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world.
Skrtel signed for Liverpool from Zenit St Petersburg seven years ago.
Gerrard is set to feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa.
Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs.
Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Lib Dem leader said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year.
The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Under Lib Dem plan, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad have washed up in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon.
Officials say recent rains and high sea levels have caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
Previous fish die-offs have been blamed on pollution-related drops in oxygen levels.
Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead.
The 28-year-old said that he 'hate them all' and 'can't get away any more with just winging it'
Bolt also said Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown through her car window in latest wave of anti-immigrant protests.
Six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in Durban, a key port on South Africa's Indian Ocean coast.
In the latest show of violence around 200 protesters, shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country, pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks.
South African police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse the crowds.
Anderson Silva has expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games.
Local taekwondo officials said they like the idea of having the MMA fighter on the team.
The 40-year-old Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests.
Manny Pacquiao had just said'very good' in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going.
The camp had blamed the log-jam of callers for overloading the system.
Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday.
Eric Harris, 44, was shot dead in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2.
Deputies are filmed chasing after Harris, first by car then on foot.
When they catch up to Harris, they order him to lie on his stomach.
Robert Bates then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but takes out gun and pulls trigger.
After firing one round into Harris, former full-time officer drops gun from recoil.
Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help.
Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio three years ago.
Today, polio is on the rise again after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick.
Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents.
The Taliban, a Islamic fundamentalist political movement which was toppled from power after the US-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women.
Juan Mata has revealed Wayne Rooney believes England can win Euro 2016.
Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted the lid on England captain Rooney's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in June next year.
Rooney netted his 47th England goal in the 4-0 victory against Lithuania at Wembley last week.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering Claudia Lawrence.
The three men, who are in their 50s, were questioned over night by police.
Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009.
Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work.
Detectives have searched three locations in the York area looking for evidence.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria, which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world.
Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana.
Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
David Cameron bore a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl in apparent boredom.
Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all caused kids to cringe.
The Prime Minister isn't the only politician who elicits funny reactions.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived.
However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets.
Baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal.
Said it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger.
Added: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. It would pave it'
The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions.
If they are found to be in violation of the terms, sanctions will be put back in place.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks.
The ice breakers on the scene include the US Coast Guard cutter Alder – the largest US icebreaker.
Saracens take on Clermont Auvergne at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
The Aviva Premiership champions will be looking to bounce back from last year's semi-final defeat by Toulon.
Maro Itoje has been named to start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite.
It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria.
The exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists.
A man named 'Mike' accused Knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake.
Knight went on to explain to the activists that he never voted in support of ‘amnesty’ for immigrants, saying there were several versions of the same bill, known as HB 240, and he voted for the one that did not have provisions supporting President Obama’s immigration reform.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'
His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
The Wakē alarm clock, called Wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound.
The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually.
Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat.
It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that's used to differentiate between sleepers.
Wakē costs $250 (£167) to pre-order
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions.
As crews scrambled to stem the flow, unamused New Yorkers whipped out cell phones to capture the rare sight of an underground deluge on video.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Louis van Gaal's side moved up to third.
The Dutchman revealed that he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems.
In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry.
One in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road.
The shocking footage shows that many drivers are rorting the system so they can drive for up to 16 hours a day.
Manchester United have offered goalkeeper David de Gea £200,000-a-week.
There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain to join Real Madrid this summer.
United would demand £30m if Real try to sign him.
Steve Webb said over-55s 'don't have to rush this' and insisted there was 'a case for waiting and seeing'
He said April 6 was the'starting gun' and not a 'deadline'
Pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side were thrown in a skip.
The skip was situated outside St James' Park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club.
Pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images.
Incident happened in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca.
Unnamed man was trying to climb to safety behind a set of iron bars.
Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull appeared to hit him square between the legs.
He was seen limping away to be tended by medical crews, but was unharmed.
Two rare paintings used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released.
One, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard for the first time, went for £25,000.
The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold for £10,000.
Little is known about where they were until they surfaced at an estate sale in the late 1980s.
Danny Welbeck was spotted at the Manchester Arena on Monday night.
Liverpool beat the Reds 4-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho.
All passengers on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised.
The app will act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community.
Other key features include full-length mirrors in the bathroom, and special mood lighting.
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
Iona's husband George, co-owner of construction company Costello Marine in Greenport, died at the age of 63 a heart attack in 2012.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla, letting Real Madrid in and just two points off in second.
Mundo Deportivo led on Barcelona slipping-up, describing a'magic' first half, followed by a second full of individual errors.
Gerard Pique was quoted saying: 'I'm sure we'll win the League'
Top-side Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.
Cesc Fabregas opened the scoring in the 88th minute at Loftus Road.
Nemanja Matic doubled Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League.
Joey Barton and Charlie Austin scored for the home side.
Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny Austin.
Kevin Gill, 45, from Naples, Florida, said he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators.
But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal.
It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
Storm clouds blocked out the sun in Salihorsk, south of Minsk, Belarus.
The entire area was plunged into darkness, forcing motorists to turn on their lights.
Storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
Iain Duncan Smith launches scathing attack on Labour's 'politics of hate and envy'
Claims Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot'
He set out powerful moral case for party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work.
'Labour doesn't understand work. They don't understand importance of work in a cultural, social and health sense,' he said.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child.
His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order.
The order allows him to spend up to $500 a week on living expenses and $25,000 on legal bills.
He will remain behind bars and will be sentenced on June 17.
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway.
Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out.
In the opening scene of the porn film a young woman dressed as a school girl walks along the clearly recognisable train station platform.
The storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to one of the attraction's wooden-panelled train carriages.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000.
Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English'
This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Denise Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later beside her parents' home.
After her'release' police accused them of staging the kidnapping – a claim they both strongly denied.
This is the Vallejo Police Department and spokesman Lt.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date.
He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead.
Sussex Police accused of ‘victim-blaming’ in its campaign.
It urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers.
Women’s rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks.
But supporters said it was ‘blindingly obvious’ that it was not blaming women.
Angela Merkel said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers.
She demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength.
Call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
But on Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks.
The family learned that John had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence.
Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and Adam Bogdan, 27 have signed new contracts.
Heskey has contributed just one goal in nine Championship starts.
Gudjohnson has found the net five times in the Championship this season.
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy.
The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated.
Hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
British supermodel Stephen James Hendry has landed in Sydney.
The 24-year-old is one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
Has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt.
Kevin Blandford, 33, from Louisville, Kentucky, won a free trip to Puerto Rico.
But his wife, Bonnie, was unable to join him because she was home.
Amusing photos show Kevin looking sad on the plane, in the sea and while sipping drinks in the sunshine.
The photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday.
Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
The dog has the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter.
It also has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle.
More than a third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat.
Football-mad Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died.
Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Logan was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with a swollen abdomen.
She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her.
Her test was put off until April 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken.
The West Australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong.
Taliban release bizarre biography of 'charismatic' supreme leader Mullah Omar.
It praises militant's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers.
The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since 2001 US-led invasion.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 - but separated in February.
Divorce was finalised on March 31 and there was an 'irretrievable breakdown'
As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m)
Dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury.
Jonny Howson put Norwich ahead in the 57th minute at Elland Road.
Graham Dorrans made amends for a late penalty miss for Leeds.
Alex Neil's side are now one step closer to the Premier League.
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election.
West Mercia Police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Kylie Jenner is poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
Her exact dress is still up for grabs at Nordstrom for $315 - just click right to make it yours in time for your next night on the tiles.
Dan Bilzerian forced into making video to avoid jail after being arrested.
He was accused of placing homemade explosives into a tractor and shooting them.
Film shows him lecturing people on'responsible' gun ownership.
Bilzerian says: 'As an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules'
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest on Sunday.
Paris prosecutor said police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church'
Sunday's arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, a mother and fitness instructor who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Aaron Lennon's loan spell.
Lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season.
Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas.
Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, was 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago.
Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009.
The family hope to raise £20,000 so the event in a few weeks can create happy memories for Billy and daughter Dolcie.
The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere.
Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
Nick Cousins, 57, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca Cousins, 15.
Police are investigating whether her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were ever registered.
It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan.
The Football Association will wait for Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control.
Robbie Keane sings Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George's Facebook page.
The 34-year-old striker is sidelined by a groin injury.
Keane's enthusiasm can't be faulted although he struggles to remember the lyrics.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night.
Gary Teale hit back at Ronny Deila's criticism of the pitch.
Deila branded most surfaces in the Premiership 'terrible'
New pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time.
It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports.
Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years.
Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix.
At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest providers of high-strength cannabis.
But a potent strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is wrecking its young population.
Drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of the country.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop.
Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background.
'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset.
Claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education.
Said interference could end up hindering their natural development.
A young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in North America.
The bear appeared to try and bite the youngster through the glass.
At one point the boy tells his family 'he wants me to get in there'
The WI has been told it must pay the Royal Albert Hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in June.
For days on end, two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed.
5,000 members attending the National Federation of the Women's Institute’s AGM, which this year celebrates the anniversary, would find a box of centenary cake on their seats.
But organisers were astonished to be told that the gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Wayne Rooney and his England team-mates were upset by their first half performance.
Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday after their flight was delayed.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street.
Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
The Loose Women panellist aired her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers, and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
Critics and the public have spoken out after Jamelia said obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size, and that high street stores should not be catering for them.
Sterling has fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election.
Experts said a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
Sydney duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning, hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed.
'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read.
The band responded to fans who shared their thoughts on the issue, including those who did not agree.
Manchester City are planning a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool forward Sterling is a primary target for City this summer.
The transfer window officially opens on July 1, but deals can be discussed prior to that date.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could.
Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way.
Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm.
Lyon beat Saint-Etienne 2-2 in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday night.
Clinton N'Jie gave the hosts the lead before Lindsay Rose was sent off.
Max Gradel converted from the spot to level matters.
Lille kept fourth place in Ligue 1 with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes.
He holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background.
Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river, which separates it from Andrea.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace at 11am on Easter Sunday.
She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday.
Ms Scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter, as they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
Police released an image of the car Ms Scott was travelling in, a red Mazda 3 sedan with NSW registration BZ-19-CD.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America.
Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly rack up frequent flyer miles, which you can then use to take free flights.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States.
'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January.
The suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors.
Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma.
Bogard has pleaded not guilty and the hearing will resume on Monday.
Dr Joe Hanson, a science writer and biologist based in Austin, Texas, has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements.
Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio.
On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student, in a forgiving plea deal that gets her out of jail time.
Dufresn and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them.
The married mother-of-three, who has remained free on bond since her arrest on September 30, has been charged with carnal knowledge with a juvenile.
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was visiting family farm in Acton, Suffolk when she died.
Her father Stephen was keeping the animal medication illegally.
She then ran away, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed in a field.
Paramedics fought to save her but she died from the effects of the drug.
Pauline Bruce's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised her for seven years.
Yvonne made silent phone calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs.
She didn't show any compassion when Tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment Pauline and her son from a previous marriage.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history.
They have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with BT.
The Scotland shirt will have BT on it rather than RBS from the summer.
The remote community in Aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades.
Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
It would have been Steven Gerrard's final game in a Liverpool shirt.
Gerrard was handed a starting role by manager Brendan Rodgers.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at his performance at Wembley.
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers on Sunday.
Hibernian had secured a win over Hearts in the Edinburgh derby.
Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic scored a goal apiece for Rangers.
Many Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought.
Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in East Village.
He was declared missing following gas explosion and building collapse last month.
His mother, Ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse.
Father, Nixon, told mourners: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken'
He added: 'We're here to show the love we always have for him. I'm going to put my son to rest now'
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second Test in Grenada.
James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over, Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind.
Play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers.
FEMAIL has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns.
Can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands?
Gareth Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for Wales against Israel.
The Welshman returned to training on the back of a vital double for Wales.
Carlo Ancelotti's side take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday.
Alvaro Arbeloa says the fans' treatment of Bale is inexpicable.
Nathan Charles has revealed his incredible battle with the disease cystic fibrosis.
The 26-year-old took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling it.
Charles has earned four international caps for Australia and hopes to make their World Cup squad later this year.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre.
She has been prescribed anti-depressants and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Her father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fleeing form the military police in Iran.
The visa can take up to three years to process according to the Department of Immigration.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says Robert Bates should never have been deputized and given a gun.
Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures.
Oceans can absorb some carbon dioxide, but the large volume released - at such a fast rate - changed their chemistry.
The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame.
And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'
The acidification of the oceans was the driving force behind the deadliest phase of the extinction, which dealt
Ankit Keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata on Friday.
The 20-year-old was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man.
Sachin Tendulkar, the highest runscorer in Test and one-day international history, was among several India stars to offer their condolences.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner for Leicester against West Brom.
Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner had given the Baggies the lead at half-time.
Robert Huth equalised for the Foxes with 10 minutes to go.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California, with injuries to its ears and stomach.
It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog.
The Arsenal playmaker was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 on Sunday.
Ozil is set to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its locations will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened.
Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose.
Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones"'
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly banned female students from running, amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity.
A letter sent to ministers by a former teacher claimed Mr Hallak believes there is'scientific evidence' to back his claims.
The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
Martina Navratilova and Agnieszka Radwanska have parted ways.
The pair announced in December that they would work together.
Navratilov won 18 Grand Slam singles titles as a player.
Solar Probe Plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star.
During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself.
Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated.
Officers from Norman Police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation.
Once inside the residence, officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. Sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins.
Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player.
The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files.
WA Police Union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation, with president George Tilbury telling The West Australian officers had done nothing wrong.
Sanjay Chaddah claimed Dean Paton kicked him and called him a 'P**i'
But the move backfired when police discovered the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Chaddah, 43, was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon.
Fans group AshleyOut.com urged fans to stand in the 34th minute.
The group are encouraging fans to 'Stand Up To Ashley' this weekend.
Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month.
Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening convenience store goods.
Mark Selby beat fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash.
Ding Junhui beat Mark Davis 5-1 to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over Scotland's Michael Leslie.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich.
Ribery claims the Dutchman was a 'bad man' who lost players' trust.
Van Gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp.
Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in 2-1 win over Stoke.
Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists.
Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues, such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone.
Apple has yet to comment on the problem, despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million.
Its 86 residents include four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes.
They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
The island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course.
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident.
According to his attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance.
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has confirmed Nicola Salerno has resigned.
Cellino was banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Salerno worked with Cellino at his previous club Cagliari.
The 58-year-old has been reported in Italy to be lined up to become sporting director at Serie A club Palermo.
Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan.
Two residents told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building.
The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle, Central Park and Lincoln Center.
Chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films Interstellar and A Most Violent Year.
The 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to Lord Uxbridge.
His stoic exchange with the Duke of Wellington after losing his leg to a cannonball has become etched in history.
Lord Uxbrige commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the Battle of Waterloo.
Mikel Arteta is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of the Spaniard.
Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension.
Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts.
But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
Chaos Caught on Camera premieres on the Science Channel on Monday, April 13.
The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival.
Sally White rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water.
His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days.
But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable.
Sir Bruce Forsyth said people should not be 'left to suffer'
He said it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than allowing someone to die.
His first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008.
He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Sir Bruce joined other celebrities and politicians who support assisted dying.
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud.
Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday.
World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Barney Gibson is the youngest first-class cricketer in county history.
The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have dropped down to fourth in the Premier League.
City have held the edge over United in recent contests.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour.
The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin.
Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph.
Tony McCoy is guaranteed a roaring send-off at Aintree this week.
The 40-year-old from County Antrim is bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement.
McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National and will be riding Shutthefrontdoor.
Aintree will line the parade ring with banners from AP's 20 Grand Nationals.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a kangaroo preservation project.
Within an hour the donation to the project had vanished.
The couple still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor.
App, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own.
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15.
Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting.
But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread.
In June, it's ‘made today, sold today’ slogan was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough.
Joe Anderson claimed £4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School.
56-year-old said he provided school with 'kudos' for being linked to him.
When school stopped payments in 2011, he tried to sue them for discrimination.
Claimed he was being punished for 'philosophical belief' in public service.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today.
He was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree.
He fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion.
It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February.
The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments.
Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during Celtic's 2-0 win at St Mirren on Good Friday night.
The Celtic striker was on the substitutes bench during the match.
His manager Ronnie Deila insists on a strict diet regime for his players.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Argentina after eight minutes.
Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute after an Ecuador clearance was blocked.
Group of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a California gas station early on Saturday morning.
Group covered the white Dodge Charger and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched.
The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai.
The 29-year-old was knocked out in the Test against Italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with Andrea Masi.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet.
The five-month-old pup entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat.
He then climbed up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover.
Once he's finished, he hovers over the toilet while relieving himself.
Viewers' reactions have been viewed more than 16,400,000 times.
Plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning, but autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea.
The aircraft pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control just moments before it was about to crash into the icy water.
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 into the Alps.
Investigators have been scouring his computers to determine his state of mind.
Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck.
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol.
The 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family'
Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes.
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour.
Howie, a joiner, punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault.
The couple were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle, which were meant to have been headlined by The Waterboys.
When they got back to their hotel Howie began to shout and swear at Miss Murray calling her a whore and a liar.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws.
He is now under house arrest at their Ruskin, Florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years.
On Monday, Hughes called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across D.C. and his safe landing.
The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by Italy's University of Udine's HCI Lab.
It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water.
Alastair Cook's form with the bat took a turn for the worse on day one.
Graeme Swann said Cook was the closest thing to Don Bradman.
Adil Rashid made to wait for his Test debut after being left out.
Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to Michael Jackson’s Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy.
The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'
Brent Council said it could not afford to pay for a live-in carer for Robert Clark.
The 96-year-old spent his £50,000 life savings on his care.
Now, the council want to move him into a care home because it is cheaper.
But Help for Heroes has launched its own JustGiving page to help him.
They have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators.
Alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details.
Martistee of Bainbridge, Georgia is a promising track star at Troy University according to officials, but he has since been removed from the team.
The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner’s belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City.
The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes.
Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Jimmy Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's Test wicket-taking record.
Anderson took 384th wicket in his 100th Test at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
England had to settle for a draw on the fifth day of the first Test in Antigua.
Jason Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn England a deserved draw.
Manchester City lead Liverpool by four points and have played 32 games.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have had their own problems this season.
City have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in June.
Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in Paris-Roubaix 253.5km race on Sunday.
The four-time Olympic champion is 35 on April 28.
Trevor Noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies.
Noah's very public appearance with New York Jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's Bristol home on February 20.
Her body parts were found at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2.
Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, has been charged with her murder.
His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police.
The blunder happened in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany.
It saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661.
The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in Skyfall.
The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out'
Residents of rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children.
The Rent-a-farmhouse initiative was set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange.
Cumnock's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
Some farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation, others need a caretaker for the farm or children in the community to keep local schools running.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month.
The beauty queen was born and raised in Sasebo, near Nagasaki.
She speaks fluent Japanese, and was chosen to represent her country.
But Ariana has faced horrific racial abuse growing up in Japan.
Her father Bryant Stanfield, 43, said his face hurt from non-stop smiling.
The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel.
The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident.
Reynolds who is married to actress Blake Lively became the father of a baby girl, James, in December.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence.
The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90.
Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Hector Bellerin gave the Gunners the lead with a superb left-foot curling effort.
Olivier Giroud sealed the win with a stunning fourth in stoppage time.
Rotor Volgograd, one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s, have been wound up after going bankrupt.
The team from the Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone, effectively Russian football's third tier.
Volkograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, has been charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and DUI after driving 11 miles and seven towns with another man on the hood of his car in Pennsylvania.
Harvard claims the man, Steven Sutton, 36, of Pittsburgh, confronted him in the driveway of his home in Springdale, saying he was furious that Harvard was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home.
'He took a cinder block and he was trying to hit the truck,' Harvard told WTAE.
Australian nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five most nutritious, and five worst breads Australian consumers can buy.
Bread, white or otherwise is a rich source of B group vitamins which are crucial for energy production.
Less processed varieties of bread also offer a range of other nutrients including dietary fibre, Vitamin E, zinc; iron and long chain unsaturated fats.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for Oldham Athletic from Liverpool.
The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo.
But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on Friday morning.
She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene.
The 58-year-old was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November 2015.
The 31-year-old was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid $1,000 to for her dress had closed down.
Ms McKenzie organised a payment plan with ‘The Bridal Centre’
She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations.
Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night.
Strong winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where plane was due.
Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for refuelling.
Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off'
Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark.
Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff after the events in Birmingham caused knock-on delay to flight to Doha.
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
The Gunners have won seven straight games in all competitions this season.
They are now just seven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Arsenal hold the record for the most consecutive wins.
'Bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil became hooked on drugs after buying them.
Father has written open letter to local council, South Gloucestershire, pleading for action to combat a'serious drug problem'
The 41-year-old has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house.
The Take That singer angered the veteran Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion.
Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways.
Police found a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night.
The 26-year-old went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years.
Her sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in Ms Scott's memory.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow.
More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday.
Supporters are calling for a repeat when Swansea head for Tyneside on Saturday.
Owner Mike Ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation of fans.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia has been linked with a move to Liverpool.
The 22-year-old has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and even Sevilla.
Arsenal were heavily linked with him before he left Sevilla, though the versatile player bought out his contract and opted for Monaco.
Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg.
Halsey said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks — for the final between Aston Villa and Arsenal on May 30.
The Professional Game Match Officials Board (PGMO) would prefer Martin Atkinson to go to Euro 2016 next summer.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night after receiving a report that a person had entered the water.
The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
But before they could wrap him in a foil blanket, the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards, landing back in the water again.
Sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the Easter holiday.
Beer expert Peter Nixon, drinks expert at Dan Murphy's, has shared his top wine pairings, from budget options to mid-range and high-end, to drink with them.
Sam Allardyce's contract expires at the end of the season.
The West Ham manager feels his work at Upton Park is far from done.
Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song are the only ones to have played in the Premier League before.
Woman jumped onto the bonnet of her Honda as carjacker drove off at speed.
Passer-by produced gun and fired a shot in Smyrna, Georgia.
Suspect will be charged with aggravated assault and theft when discharged.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago.
27-year-old from Tamworth, Staffordshire, weighed just 6st at the time.
Was ordered by doctors to go to the gym to gain some weight.
There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her confidence to overcome depression.
Harry Redknapp has turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad.
The 68-year-old resigned as QPR manager in February due to knee problems.
Redknapp will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Minnesota fourth-grader Barway Edwin Collins.
Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation.
Pierre Collins, who has said he is innocent, has not been arrested or charged in relation to the incident, but authorities have his passport to ensure he stays in the country.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend.
Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County.
The guard, identified as Lawrence Buckner, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the lack of English clubs.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated in last 16.
Simeone believes there are no English clubs left in Europe this season.
Atletico will be without Karim Benzema, Gareth Bale and Luka Modric.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night.
The Manchester middleweight hopes to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.
Bisping is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House, Suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags.
The move was designed to encourage visitors to ‘dwell and take in the atmosphere’ in the room but it provoked fury from heritage experts who branded the move ‘misguided’
A woman boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, on Saturday.
She was'shocked' to see him driving the bus with his hands on a piece of paper.
The bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance.
Driver has been taken out of passenger service while the MTA investigates.
Mick Schumacher made pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at Oschersleben.
16-year-old, whose father Michael won the Formula 1 championship seven times, reached new category after seven years of karting.
Young protege was racing through Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg in March when he skidded out of control and onto gravel.
He was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when incident unfolded - but the crash was minor and he walked away from the accident uninjured.
Rebecca Francis won Extreme Huntress in 2010.
The grandmother-of-nine regularly posts pictures of her kills online.
Gervais tweeted: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?'
Muslim Engagement and Development said to have boasted they can influence seats.
Group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution.
It has bragged that it is in talks with the Conservatives and Labour.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation.
HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand, France, South Africa, USA, Canada and Sweden.
There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website and that number continues to grow.
Chris Smalling joined Twitter just days before Manchester City clash.
The Manchester United centre back has established himself as one of the best defenders in England.
Smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on the social networking site.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money'
He has posted pictures of himself counting money and of his expensive timepiece.
Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep.
Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand.
While another group of researchers have added to the forecast with a separate study, which warns that marine animals near North America, Antarctica and NZ are most likely to die out.
Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions, which are published in the journal, Science.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine.
His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
The dual carriageway was shut for an hour on Monday afternoon.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on London-bound track.
Some cars were forced into central barrier and one man needed treatment.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday.
He also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total if he faces Atletico on Wednesday night.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
John Terry scored the only goal of the game after a scramble in the box.
Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenal' side as they moved 13 points clear.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
'John' posted his advert in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill.
It is written in capital letters in black pen and says: 'Call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs'
However for prospective lovers, John did not specify precisely what the 'craft' referred to.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next.
He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Comes after David Cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract.
Billie Jean King is co-chairing the Lesbians4Hillary campaign.
She said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community'
The Twitter handle for the new group is @lezs4hillary.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning.
Told locals: 'When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall, is that right?'
He added: 'In Devon it's... jam first and cream on top?'
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old club on Friday.
The 25-year-old presented some members with replica United jerseys.
Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was national champion for his age group before football took precedence at 15.
The Countess of Wessex and Princess Beatrice attended an Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while Beatrice, 26, opted for an unusual blue creation.
Lady Louise Windsor, the countess’ 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one.
Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car.
The adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the Wills family and even attends most of their social events.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind Hamilton.
Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race.
Rosberg grew up the son of privilege. His father, Keke, was 1982 world champion.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends.
The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash.
Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph.
She had just popped out to the shops in small KA when she was hit by the drunk-driver.
Hagon already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003.
Robert Bates, 73, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday, where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members.
He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened,' he said as he became emotional.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4.
Realtors have priced the 1904 Victorian build in Bay Area at a cool $2.5 million.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home.
Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed.
The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun.
Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
The 24-year-old came off the bench to spark into life at Hampden Park.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
The defensive end added that 'he didn't like him as a person or a player'
Gary Hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner for Norwich.
Former Celtic striker Hooper's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the Canaries bench.
Norwich remain second in the Championship after drawing 1-1 with Bolton.
Ivan Cameron was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder.
It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits.
He died aged six in 2009.
In an intensely personal interview, he revealed: 'We weren't falling out with each other but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything'
The 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges.
Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday.
He is also charged with enter dwelling with intent, contravention of a domestic violence order, driving whilst disqualified, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle and attempted arson.
The victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene.
Kick It Out welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown.
John Wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association.
Cheese, crackers and charcuterie is a simple and delicious lunch.
More than 60 per cent of Britons buy their lunches out spend an average of £1,840 a year, based on 46 working weeks.
But we could save up to £1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home.
Inverness defeated Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Caley boss John Hughes says the break was a turning point.
The break could have meant a penalty and a red card for Craig Gordon.
Virgil Van Dijk gave Celtic the lead with a superb free-kick.
The Variety Theater in Cleveland, Ohio, was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a 1984 gig.
The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good.
Seph Lawless, 37-year-old photojournalist from Cleveland took these incredible pictures.
Marouane Fellaini opened the scoring for Manchester United in the 14th minute.
Sergio Aguero doubled the hosts' lead in the 89th minute, tapping David Silva's cross into the empty net.
Chris Smalling added a fourth with a close-range header in the 73rd minute.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Hoover once caught a fish at the site.
Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous.
Narcocon officials, who run more than 120 centers around the world, deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology, though the group prominently features a quote from Hubbard on its website.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a move back to Barcelona.
The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago.
Bellerin scored in Arsenal's 4-1 victory against Liverpool on Saturday.
Nine members of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland.
The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast.
Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break.
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at a Taiwanese man's memorial.
The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's wife as a gift.
They danced to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of open-mouthed mourners.
Some mourners appeared to be more interested in filming the sexy dancers.
Police had opened an investigation into the incident in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
But after Oisin Tymon said that he did not want to press charges, officers have decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Jack Grealish was handed his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers.
The 19-year-old played a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then set up Fabian Delph’s winner.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood kept faith with the youngster.
Bradley Wiggins failed to win his final race with Team Sky.
The 2012 Tour de France winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad, 'Wiggins', before a return to the track ahead of the Rio Olympics.
John Degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a gruelling 151-mile trek.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29.
Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail and could get out of prison in less than eight years.
He pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple,
Andy Murray and Kim Sears met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament, while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel.
The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out.
He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day.
The tragic fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back has failed to make an impact.
Eckersley joined MLS side Toronto FC on loan last season.
The 26-year-old is now a free agent after leaving Red Bull Arena.
Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County on Monday morning.
Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead, and have complained to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The FAA said it investigates all reports, but pointed out that it is ‘very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft’
Alexandra Harra, 28, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics.
Has appeared on the cover of Playboy Romania, as well as in many more magazines in her native country.
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist remarks made in October 2011 at Loftus Road.
Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking John Terry’s hand in light of the racist comments the former England captain directed at former Rs defender Anton Ferdinand four years ago.
Rio Ferdinand won't be fit in time for a reunion with Terry this weekend.
The co-founder of Death Row Records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation.
Close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye.
Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton.
Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself.
Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the report.
She was shot at 'intermediate' range, meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening.
While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15-year old dead.
Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident.
A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner.
Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors.
Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat; his wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister.
Hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
Ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim's blood was on his pants.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, where he is accused of shooting dead a man who worked in the school's print shop.
Stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals.
The 29-year-old knows United will be playing for 'pride' against City.
David Alaba has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba was injured playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia.
The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month.
Amir Khan faces Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi on May 2.
Khan is the stand-by for the fight had Mayweather refused the Fight of the Century.
Pacquiao prefers an early winter date for his second fight of a year and Khan says: ‘Late November or December is perfect for me'
Andrew Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005.
They were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches, after being disillusioned by their jobs.
The ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine are now dead after all their appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected.
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst.
Daisy, now eight weeks old, suffers from Anophthalmia, which means 'lack of eyes'
She will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons.
More than two-thirds (69%) of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors.
But only two agreed to deals.
In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 pm. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail.
They'll also serve five years on probation.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week.
The three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing.
A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family.
Two people died in the explosion, Moises Ismael Locon Yac, 26, and 23-year-old Nicholas Figueroa.
David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not.
pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school.
Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support.
Floyd Mayweather has added a Mercedes-Maybach S600 to his sports car collection.
The 38-year-old boxer takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the blockbuster fight.
Yaya Toure may leave Manchester City this summer but his legacy should be a positive one.
Toure has been fundamental to City's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions.
Midfielder signed for City for a fee of £24million from Barcelona in 2010.
Mark Hughes, the then City boss, begun a plan to sign Kolo Toure in an attempt to entice Yaya along.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban.
Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Bolt said he felt 'let down' by the American sprinter, and is not looking forward to competing against him.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones.
Microsoft said at its annual Build conference on Wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their Apple and Android apps to run on devices that use the new Windows 10 operating system coming late this year.
New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever'
Brent Council said it couldn't afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Robert Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London.
This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
The pensioner's plight prompted armed forces charity Help for Heroes to launch a fund-raising campaign to allow Mr Clark to stay in his home and pay towards the cost of a carer.
In just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000.
Kevin Coulton put his lips in the rim of a glass to achieve a fuller pout.
But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin.
Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze.
A pair of turkey-sized ‘egg thief lizards’ dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001.
They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby.
The couple, whose second child is due on Saturday, returned to their London base just a few minutes' drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary’s, Paddington, on Sunday night.
Kate has been taking her mind off the impending birth by spending a few days with her parents, Michael and Carole Middleton, at their sprawling Georgian mansion in Bucklebury, Berkshire.
Rona Fairhead has told shareholders she will stay on for 'a further one-year period'
She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated March 20.
Sandstorm wreaked havoc across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.
The sandstorm caused traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights and triggered breathing difficulties among residents.
It began on April 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern Saudi Arabia before it consolidated and began moving southeastward across the peninsula.
Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it was found.
Weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report.
Britain's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the G36C – and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28.
Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
She was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel last week.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper Peninsula.
They had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south April 11.
Roy and Wright wore layers of clothes to stay warm as overnight temperatures fell to the 20s, and they also turned snow into water.
A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes for his acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa.
Rommel, nicknamed the Desert Fox, also became an iconic wartime figure – and the stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth.
They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson was 19 when he met wife Sam, then 42, on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009.
Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series, but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise.
Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'
The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide.
She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ‘unimaginably cruel’ trade.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year.
Cubadebate website says Castro greeted Venezuelans visiting Havana.
Four images show Castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand.
He is shown shaking hands, which Cubandebate said occurred 'for hours' with Venezuelans in Havana who had come for solidarity events.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper.
She was in the car with her mother and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road.
Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder.
The topic of their argument is not yet known.
Keltsie was found dead in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room.
Virgil van Dijk's last call-up to the Holland national team came last year.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila believes the standard of Scottish football makes no difference to Holland's decision-making.
Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer, who made his Belgium debut against Israel.
Lazio will face Empoli in the Coppa Italia final on Sunday.
Senad Lulic scored the winner in Lazio's 1-0 defeat of Napoli.
The Serie A side will now face Juventus in the final on June 7.
The 10th-floor penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month.
Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping at the Vivienne Westwood store.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, exchanged vows with Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan.
The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems.
Today's 'bersanding' or enthronement ceremony is usually the highlight of the wedding festivities, and saw the bride and groom seated next to each other, dressed in opulent traditional attire on gilded thrones.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham.
Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets — which were the crux of the evidence against Hinton at an expected retrial — came from a gun.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
City had beaten United four consecutive times going into the derby.
United's website declared that the Red Devils were red again.
Manchester City are now four points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Alan Gordon scored a first-half winner for LA Galaxy against Seattle Sounders.
Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury.
LA Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer.
The video was recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year.
It shows each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, jailed for felony child neglect.
Police received anonymous tip about 17-month-old son and two girls.
When they arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last December, they found youngsters locked in'sparsely furnished' room.
Room was stained with urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate', which the children appeared to have been fed through.
Detective Patrick Cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
'No good cop should watch that video without a wince,' NYPD Police Chief Bill Bratton said at a press conference on Wednesday.
Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government.
As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use the word Genocide.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road in the west London derby.
John Terry made the short trip across London to face QPR.
The Chelsea skipper racially abused then QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed ‘Uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million)
The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC.
A number of other states, including California and Nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use.
E
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their TVs.
They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem.
But revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram.
It trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos.
The World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House has been listed third on the list with 134,641 photos.
Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Micson and another mercurial American in Moore.
Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009.
The cancer had spread to his brain and lungs.
Hartson says cancer forced him to face up to a gambling addiction.
Clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in the Cotswolds.
Opening the auction in aid of Chipping Norton's lido, he said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not, so I will say's***'
He also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for hosting job when he spotted an opening for the charity auction.
Insurers are dodging the rules that ban them from charging female drivers less by offering lower premiums to motorists who have jobs that are done mainly by women.
The gender equality rules, laid down by the EU Court of Justice, came into effect from December 2012.
Many car insurance firms had to change their pricing policies, including ‘female-focused’ insurers Sheilas’ Wheels.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, at about 3am Wednesday.
He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to his capture.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133⁄4.
Maciej Rybus is being followed by Hull, Leicester and Swansea.
Rybus impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
He has one year left on his current deal and a get-out clause for £3.2m.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain.
She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations.
But surgeons operating on the Indiana University student discovered the growth was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Elena Klimova is a Russian activist for the LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) community.
She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself.
The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday.
Jackie McNamara's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games.
McNamara is under pressure following his side's recent slump.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine.
Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London.
Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield.
The 29-year-old has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson.
Joe Arpaio, who calls himself ‘America’s Toughest Sheriff’, and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail.
Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight.
The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
The short story was penned by the future monarch when she was just 10.
It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week offer from Liverpool.
Zinedine Zidane says Real Madrid are monitoring Sterling as a player.
Sterling has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
The 29-year-old has been dating Sienna Miller since 2011.
The pair got together shortly after she split from Jude Law for a second time.
He is set to play Sergeant Troy in the hotly-anticipated new adaptation of Far From The Madding Crowd.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers so that he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day.
But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised that it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction.
He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over - and has saved himself thousands in the process.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres.
Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst but were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided.
The father-of-one suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes.
Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
The oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater, which can have chemicals, heavy metals, salt and radioactive material.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum.
Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a chance to decide on the future of the 300-year-old Union.
Ms Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis'
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final.
Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke.
Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, drank 1.92g of caffeine a day, way above recommended limit.
Law student from Coventry was so addicted to energy drink she needed to cut down.
She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure.
The mother-of-four spent £5,460 every year on the energy drink since 2009.
Her habit was at its worst when she was studying for a law degree.
Clermont thrashed Northampton 37-5 at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting Northampton to an open training session.
The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one.
PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc's side lost the first leg 3-1 to Barcelona in Paris.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are back from suspension.
Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured.
For a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own DIY brain stimulation kit on the web, and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children.
Online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear.
The Queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today.
Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport'
Darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone.
But his title is now being contended by his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in.
The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new deal by Manchester City in the summer.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Toure a five-year contract.
The Ivory Coast midfielder turns 32 next month.
Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro.
Scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old.
The technique allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked.
Under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, labelled B, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted.
Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards.
41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
One in five have lied to a partner about what they earn.
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on Sunday morning.
Police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car, according to TMZ.
The pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'
If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows.
The pup was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives and injured 265.
Former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe says he knew chairman Stafford Heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Sutcliffe remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry by high court judge Mr Justice Popplewell that the fire was an accident.
Leila Alavi had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei.
The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park in Sydney's west.
Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her Holden Astra with initial examination suggesting she had suffered a knife wound to the throat.
Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target.
Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest.
Leah Williamson was awarded a penalty in the 96th minute against Norway.
Referee Marija Kurtes awarded a free-kick to the Norwegian goalkeeper.
But Williamson stepped up to take the penalty again in the 18th minute.
The game was restarted at 9.45pm on Saturday.
It was a whole FIVE hours after both had played their final Elite Round games in Northern Ireland.
Brady Olson, a teacher at North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire on Monday morning.
No one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began.
The Martinhal Beach Resort in Portugal is renowned as one of the best in the Algarve for a luxury family holiday.
Couples can overlook the ocean, read the papers, feast on fresh orange juice and enjoy a classy breakfast.
There are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity, so with 190 accommodation options, there is plenty of choice.
Exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds.
They said it would ‘make content more contemporary’
Some students will be asked to study review of 15-rated foreign film.
Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday.
The 21-year-old winger jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal.
United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international but face opposition from Paris Saint- Germain while Liverpool have also expressed an interest.
On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People. 'We are so excited. The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary'
Labour leader will insist that he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan'
He will say: ‘We will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed’
His shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year.
The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records.
The Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America.
At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarotti’s distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab.
The passenger filming then says: ‘Wow, that was brilliant. Thank you very much’
Property prices soared by 10% in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5%.
London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6% over the next year.
It follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout.
Pacquiao promises to be on time - and you can watch it here.
Richie Sambora, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'
Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19.
His shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later.
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011.
Terry was banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour'
Anton may no longer be at Loftus Road, but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey.
Tom Ince scored twice as Derby drew 4-4 with Huddersfield.
The on-loan Hull player has been in fine form for the Terriers.
Nahki Wells and Ishmael Miller went close before three goals in seven minutes left Derby shell-shocked.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime.
Los Angeles Lakers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 in LA's final regular season game.
Celtics beat Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure seventh seed in Eastern Conference.
Dashcam footage shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday.
She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings.
Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
Easter is just around the corner so we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session.
Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules.
Missie Smile, known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the 'tall, charming gentleman'
The 'Love Call' notes are posted at traffic lights on Sydney's George Street near Australia Square.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 on Saturday.
Santi Cazorla believes Sanchez is a key player for the Gunners.
The 26-year-old is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Jimmy Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test.
Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
Anderson moved to within two wickets of Sir Ian Botham's 383 Test wickets.
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday.
Paul McGinley, Europe’s Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire, says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport.
McIlroy's ambitions are unlike Chelsea's relentless win-at-all-costs manager Jose Mourinho.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday.
Gary Bowyer wanted to include John O'Sullivan, who was on loan at Barnsley.
Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the 21-year-old.
O'Sullivan was at Oakwell when the initial 0-0 draw was played at Anfield.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January.
The 24-year-old is expected to line up in goal for Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley.
Former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman believes the Poland international can make the number one jersey his own once more.
The man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station this morning.
The station, which also serves the Victoria line, was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital.
Graphic designer Lesia Biloshytska, who was at the station, said how passengers screamed when the young man was hit.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift.
The incident, which took place at 2am on December 26, 2007, left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.
Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open.
Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim.
The Information Commissioner's Office registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them, the ICO said.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex.
The pair had been driving along a route together where, unknown to Alex, Daniel had erected a series of signs.
Together they read: 'Alex. Will. You. Marry. LOL Jk. Go To. Prom. With Me'
The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person.
Unfortunately his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on.
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona.
The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme.
Mayor Enrique Maya said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis.
Two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain.
A CT scan proved Ava had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old.
In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull.
The complex operation took nine hours and Ava was in a lot of pain in the days that followed.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips - they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship.
Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
She gave birth in her mom's bed, did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital.
Jamie Carragher took advantage of the international break to watch his son play for the Under 12s in the Mediterranean International Cup.
Carragher flew out to watch James play in the famous youth tournament which features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain.
The Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the start line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19.
When the runner finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it.
Mr Matthews spent hours searching for his car, even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him.
He eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the Midlands.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to an upmarket street in London on Tuesday.
The 48-year-old was lured on the pretence of providing a quote.
But when the imam arrived, the killer got into his Volkswagen Passat.
Killer got into the rear seat and shot him several times, it has emerged.
Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether he was murdered on the orders of the regime.
In a Q&A on the social media site, CEO and co-founder, Mark Zuckerberg, opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role.
The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year.
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy.
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash.
Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving.
A plastic bag with a'substantial amount of money' was blown out of the van.
Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Lindsay Sandiford is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine.
The 58-year-old has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
Her friend Andrew Chan is expected to be put to death on Tuesday.
Sandiford, from Cheltenham, admitted smuggling cocaine worth £1.6m.
She claims she was coerced into the crime by a syndicate that threatened her sons.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at his investiture ceremony in 1969.
He sent officers from the Met to Wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists.
The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and the Free Wales Army (FWA)
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed.
He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'
But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion.
Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run.
The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and his friend Jean, 17, allegedly drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs on March 30.
Jean was shot dead in the arm and Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder.
The boys had recently moved to Miami to live with their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami.
Dube was appointed to her new position in November, but only arrived in Miami in February.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million.
Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views.
But one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom.
The homes are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset.
David Cameron says Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed'
Says Scottish National Party would prop up minority Labour administration.
But Lib Dem Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling.
Comes as polls indicate General Election race is neck and neck.
Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night.
TV cameras captured the moment he was hauled away by police following the game.
Muliaina signed for Connacht at the beginning of the season and has made 11 appearances for the Irish province so far.
Porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Jose Mourinho's side have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004.
Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer.
Heather Livergood, 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob following a trip to Grantsville, Utah, last year.
The campaign was started by Jaime Singleton, who saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year.
The change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago.
Animal rights activists slammed the way resorts treat animals, and said tourists should not take part in the behaviour.
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war.
The Kremlin officials are said to have issued a spectrum of responses from nuclear to non-military' in response to the growing Nato army in the region.
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday, 3pm)
Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are both absent for Tottenham.
Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for the clash with the Villa boss.
Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are all set to miss out.
Aly Cissokho could return after training again this week.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Nico Rosberg finished ahead of his Mercedes team-mate in the championship.
Hamilton was absolved of any blame by both Mercedes boss Toto Wolff and Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda.
Rita Ora, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals for a range.
She has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them.
The range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Saturday night.
Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement.
Villa chief executive Tom Fox said Lerner will attend the final.
Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Michael Thorpe was convicted of illegally showing Premier League games.
He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
Instead he showed Albanian transmissions of matches, which he thought was legal.
But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago.
Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal.
Retired engineer, Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum.
The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe.
Queen Letizia joined husband King Felipe for lunch at Casa Real in Madrid.
Joined by award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo for lunch in his honour.
Today's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event in Sacramento, California.
Organisers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida.
West Bromwich Albion host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies are eight points clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Tony Pulis insists his side can rise to the challenge of facing top teams.
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance.
Said Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance after May 7.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed.
He was arrested with eight relatives in a remote Turkish border town earlier this month.
But it is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly home tonight.
The remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too.
The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains.
He was struck by a falling icicle causing a collection of blood under the skin.
Blood formed a clot which left him in pain and unable to walk.
In order to get back to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow.
First, he rubs snow on his leg to numb the injury and then, he burns a scalpel on a gas torch to make it sterile.
Oregon alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste.
It will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services.
The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers.
Xu spent 12,000 yuan (£1,311) buying a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties, through a middleman.
Six months after he'married' into the family, Xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all.
After spending six months trying to get Wang pregnant, he realised the young bride was likely to be infertile.
Wife was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant.
Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city.
Misao Okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure on April 1.
The great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy.
Condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood.
She was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
Insta-fame is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading Australian modelling agencies.
The average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers.
'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany.
Bilal Skaf was attacked by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday.
A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day.
Skaf was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised Sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
He received a 46 year sentence and will be eligible for parole, if he behaves himself in prison and admits his crime, in 2033.
Some Manchester City fans will now have to pay over £1,700 for season tickets.
The club say the price increase is due to upgrades at the Etihad.
But some fans claim they are abusing their loyalty.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have slumped to fourth this season.
Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, was killed in a car crash early Tuesday.
The 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash.
Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised.
Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks.
Inside Abbey Road takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios.
The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo by EMI engineer Alan Blumlein.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in upcoming season.
This is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
Executive producer Brian True-May said the show 'wouldn't work' if there was racial diversity among its cast.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the British Championships.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year.
Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, first came to prominence when he appeared in a ISIS propaganda video, urging the West to send troops to fight ISIS, vowing 'we'll send them back one by one in coffins'
Now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker, regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991.
The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps.
Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes.
Newington College in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case.
He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday.
Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
Mitchell and his passenger, Rayvorris Altuan Oliver, 27, fled the scene following the crash.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark.
Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud'
Cyclists approached a crossing over a train track at the Paris-Roubaix race - Sir Bradley Wiggins' last for Team Sky.
As the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through, the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them.
The racers are still on the edge of their seats as they wait for the train to pass and level crossings to rise.
A policeman on a motorbike pulls up to take charge of the situation - yet another three daredevils slip past him and onto the crossing.
Brett Robinson, 33, is on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician.
Robinson allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between March and July last year.
She was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect.
The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible'
A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial
Police Scotland's Edinburgh division has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent.
Pictures of the Lego models posted on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime.
But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel.
They arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border.
The 66ft deep route was wired with lights and ventilation.
Bayern Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt and FC Porto on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side have only 14 healthy players at Friday's practice.
Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez are also sidelined.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government.
The 41-year-old is a close ally of former president Traian Basescu.
Udrea was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister Ion Ariton.
Romania is regarded as one of the most corrupt countries in the European Union.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 in the Copa Libertadores on Wednesday.
Rodolfo Arruabarrena's side will now face arch rivals River Plate in the last 16.
River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over San Jose.
Duchess wore Hobbs, Seraphine and ASOS during pregancy.
The mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours.
Kate is also a huge fan of a small Anglo-French label called Séraphine.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women.
This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men.
The exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95.
Other examples highlighted on the website, which show increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference even further.
Amanda Curtis, founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to appear in ITV comedy spoof show Newzoids.
Dolls will be joined by Prince Harry, Wayne Rooney, Beyonce and Paul Hollywood.
Newzoids starts later this month and will offer light-hearted take on current affairs.
Stuart McCall admits being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
McDowall quit after posting just three wins from his 10-game spell as caretaker.
The former Celtic youth coach found himself in charge just as the battle for power at Ibrox reached its bitterest point.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy.
Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy.
She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion.
But her mother Heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura.
Instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her for the flu sooner.
Inter held to goalless draw at the San Siro by Inter in the 214th Derby della Madonnina.
Inter owner Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the 'eyes of the world' would be fixed on the game.
Former Chelsea defender Alex had one of the game's few clear-cut chances.
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies.
Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown.
Vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a Louis Viutton purse and a diamond-encrusted watch.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton and won't be available for the rest of the season.
The 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since joining the Hammers.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section.
The 29-year-old thought she was going to die when she went into labour.
Her partner Jordan Jackson, 21, is due to report back for service tomorrow.
Couple have been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months.
Olivier Giroud has won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March.
Giroud is France's 16th winner of the accolade.
Thierry Henry, Eric Cantona and Nicolas Anelka have all won it.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, posed with cat Kimchi in Puss Puss magazine.
Feline loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata would be his 'death row dish'
Says cat 'loves anything crunchy, so if there are poppadoms or tortilla chips around that's it'
Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle.
Delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative.
Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller have known each other for some time, but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy.
Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over the little girl with her car.
Incredibly though, Brynn forgave Cassie for what happened, acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident.
The women now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in Washington.
James Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage.
He was on watch when the ship struck the iceberg and later helped passengers into the lifeboats while declining a space for himself.
White Star Lines bosses wrote a letter to Mr Moody's brother, Christopher, asking for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money.
They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial.
The letter has come to light after being listed for auction by a collector.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011.
Taking to the witness box to give evidence at London's Southwark Crown Court today, Mee firmly denied the allegations.
Grant Shapps accused of deleting embarrassing references from his own page.
Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site, known only as ‘Contribsx’, after finding evidence it suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ‘clear direction’
Mr Shapps has denied the allegations, describing them as an ‘extreme dirty tricks campaign’
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, Michigan, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league.
Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday morning.
Police were looking for Chiles in connection to the killing of Archie Brown Jr, 40, and Rasheed Chiles, 15.
Brown struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van, authorities said.
Damani's brother, Rasheed, was also struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident and later died at a hospital.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence.
When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands.
However, they maintained that Hernandez's notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.
One little boy was lucky enough to meet Justin Verlander, pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, under those same, once-in-a-lifetime, circumstances.
Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back.
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda.
Miranda admits he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford.
The 30-year-old has started Brazil's last eight matches since missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 World Cup.
David Templeton is full of praise for Stuart McCall's training methods.
The Ibrox winger says McCall has brought a different style of preparation to Rangers.
Templeton says he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall.
Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915.
Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack.
On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites.
In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision.
He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Worn by the von Trapp children throughout much of the movie, the flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews – at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms.
Celebrities with a home cinema include Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch, retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich.
A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London’s Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2.
The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m.
Pacquiao's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m)
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag on Saturday morning before his head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street.
Now the Boston Herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing Colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out.
The star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
In a lawsuit filed in New Orleans’ District Court last week, Pitt’s Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective.
The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at Garza's Kon-Tiki.
He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie posted the video online.
He tied his son James's tooth to the back of his Chevy muscle car.
James had been asking him for days to pull out the wobbly incisor.
Mr Abercromebie's fiancee Bianca Huertas, to whom he has been engaged since 2010, seems to have been less keen on the idea, but eventually gave in.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea for £6.75million.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday, it was reported.
Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
Her husband George, the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012.
A photograph has been snapped of a man-sized kangaroo flexing his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny.
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan.
He quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it.
Cleveland Cavaliers beat Chicago Bulls 50th game of the season on Sunday.
LeBron James said it's the sort of thing NBA stars should expect.
But the self-titled King James' talk wasn't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist's chair in a fortnight, as shared with his 9.3 million followers on Instagram.
Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured.
She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement.
As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards.
Ms Flynn was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
Barnet beat Gateshead 1-0 to return to the Football League.
Martin Allen's side will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
The win ensures Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida.
He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south.
At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss.
Stancil, who tattooed his own face with fascist symbols, said he is a neo-Nazi who is looking out for his
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital.
He denies deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
Pleaded not guilty to 36 charges including three counts of murder.
Lewis Hamilton has now claimed five straight poles at the Shanghai International Circuit.
The Briton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
The Spain striker aggravated the problem in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday.
Mourinho says Costa will be fit enough to face Crystal Palace on May 3.
Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed.
He was playing British Bulldog - a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the 'bulldogs'
His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed and lost consciousness.
The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, a former Bolton Wanderers player who collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest in 2012.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home.
Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday to pay their respect to the family.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery.
Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected'
The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham.
Anderson is England's top Test wicket taker with 383 runs.
The fast bowler has always been at his best when others have left him alone.
Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert.
The pair square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades.
In retaliation, the former Manchester United goalkeeper quips that he was the best goalkeeper of all time.
Kahn revealed he didn't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range.
It proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light.
When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament.
The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal — on a par with the Wimbledon singles champions — will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
A man was apparently beheaded by ISIS in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
His beheading is believed to have taken place in the town of Hama in Syria.
In one of the images the victims is seen blindfolded and kneeling on the floor.
An executioner stands behind him with what appears to be a meat cleaver.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings.
It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster.
The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929.
Miss Chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to former Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who stayed
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to shake the Monaco coach's hand after their 3-1 Champions League exit.
Jardim claimed Wenger was 'disrespectul' in the first leg.
Randy Pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the Tough Mudder's 'King of the Swingers' obstacle in California last week.
Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair.
He left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog Quinn.
Bikram Choudhury, founder of Bikram yoga, has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students since 2013.
The 69-year-old has strongly denied the accusations.
He said his success means he would never need to assault anyone.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida.
Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused.
Jones, 32, held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks and boots.
The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona.
Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand.
The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United.
Seven female students, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man.
The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped by a woman named Kayla.
Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2.
The two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa.
Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks.
They were pictured wearily disembarking in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge after leaving Durban yesterday.
About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos.
South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes.
Steven Gerrard leaves Liverpool at the end of the season.
Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old.
Club legend Steve Heighway predicted Gerrard would be a success.
Two French tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka.
The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh.
Claims to have worked with No Doubt singer Gwen Stefani since 1997.
But Ms McCartney is now facing a £7,000 dental bill after the attack.
He pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack in March.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon.
Police believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life.
The suspect's wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and shed called 911.
Black players of AC Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain.
Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'
Michelle Mone bought Glasgow property off-plan after splitting from Michael in 2011.
She paid £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex and had extensive works done.
It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million.
The then-couple bought the Lanarkshire site in 2008 and built 'Telperion'
In 2010, Ms Mone was at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna, gym and bar to the home.
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared in court charged with Karen Buckley's murder.
He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it emerged today.
Miss Buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing following a night out.
Her body was found on a farm six miles north of Glasgow this week.
Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week.
Jonas Gutierrez has twice beaten testicular cancer at Newcastle.
The Argentinian was not even named among the substitutes for Sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs.
Carver said Gutierrez was left out for ‘selection reasons’
The 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on Twitter saying that he was not injured.
Baggies chairman Jeremy Peace wants between £150m and £200m.
Group from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested.
Tony Pulis has set a July deadline to complete any deal.
Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates following a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire.
Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses.
At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
As they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Masked raiders used angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine.
They fled police in a stolen Audi at speeds of up to 145mph in the stolen car.
Members of the gang used a circular saw, crowbars and a hydraulic cutter.
The Audi had been stolen from a house in Bicester in Oxon on September 10.
Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were arrested.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park.
She suddenly collapsed and doctors thought her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR.
The teen then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics.
Arsenal finished fourth in the Premier League last season.
Arsene Wenger's side were heavily criticised after throwing away the title.
The Gunners are now in fine form and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday.
But they still have the same record as they did at this stage last year.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Jermain Defoe scored his third goal for the Black Cats.
The 32-year-old admits he had to question whether it was even happening.
Circuit Judge Michael Maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July.
Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community.
Using the pseudonym 'geauxjudge', Maggio made the comments on a Louisiana State University fan message board.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks on Instagram.
The model, 29, received praise from her fans for the picture.
Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband Carey Hart.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at Stamford Bridge.
The Ivorian made a shock return to the club last summer after leaving the club in 2012.
Drogba insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season - whether he is at Chelsea or not.
House was built on the site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea.
It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales.
But stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses.
The transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the UK.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger's side have not conceded more than once in the league since New Year's Day.
The Gunners have won seven on the spin in the Premier League this season.
Wenger's policy of chasing the best British talent could be on the way out.
The Fat Duck Restaurant in Bray, Berkshire was named eighth best restaurant in world.
Dinner by Heston Blumenthal also made it into the top 25.
Alinea, run by Grant Achatz, retained its crown for fourth year running.
Moya Gerber was travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
She spotted a male and female buffalo trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo.
Miss Gerber's sister Rone Odendaal, 24, stopped to take pictures of the struggle.
After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches.
But it ran straight for the road instead before running into the side of her car.
Power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators.
Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city.
Power company Pepco told local news station WTOP that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his Jack Russell Sam.
The huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs.
Mr Cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Professional mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset.
The group included professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
They were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another yesterday.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life'
But crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them.
Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts handed out by Labour-run councils.
The gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns.
Last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after vandalizing his ex-girlfriend's car.
Despite court orders banning him from the park, he was spotted at 2.15pm near the water slides, where he shot himself dead.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told 18-year-old that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him.
He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London, between October 2010 and September 2011.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson.
The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50.
Dubai started construction on a Ferris wheel that will be just 60ft higher.
New York Wheel will offer stunning panoramic views of the Manhattan skyline.
It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury that is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks.
The 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against West Brom.
Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year, following recent injuries to Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for letting their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
On Sunday, police picked up their children again in Montgomery County, Maryland.
They say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
The parents, both of them scientists, say authorities crossed a line when they picked them up and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents.
Their lawyer has vowed to pursue 'all legal remedies' to protect the rights of the Maryland parents.
Sarah, 36, and Mark Brennan, 35, from south Wales, never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they'd never conceive naturally.
But last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race on board Mountain Tune at Wetherby in 2013.
McCoy outstrips 16-time darts world champion Phil Taylor by almost 200 weeks, with a staggering 1,040 weeks at the top.
He has ridden more winners at Worcester — 298 from 1,089 rides — than at any course in Britain and the venue.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called 'hippy crack' after a night out.
The 19-year-old has assured Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake.
Grealish inspired Villa to FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments.
Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire.
No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder.
The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive.
Stevens is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives.
Mr Scott's father, Walter Scott, Sr., said: 'Thank you for another son, God, thank you. You've got a family in Charleston right now... anytime'
Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2hr 15min 25sec.
Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot, which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago.
The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships.
Johanna Johnson's collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers.
The hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Sheffield's Ponds Forge.
The 29-year-old was a 10-time ladies' champion.
Evans had led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front.
She reeled off three frames in a row, led 4-3 and 6-6.
It took Doherty to a 9-7 lead but Evans came roaring back in the next.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp did not want to comment on whether he is heading for England.
Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign.
Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure at Liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season.
Kyli Wilfson, 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating pain in October 2012.
She spent a year and a half abstaining from eating, which was an incredibly trying ordeal for both her and her fiancé Dustin Wood.
The Yeatman, Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, is built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia.
All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost all of them are themed after a Portuguese winery.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin, blames the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the West.
He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame'
But William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow Gaddafi, who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of would-be migrants.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes.
The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
Will Stevens is hoping to compete in the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend.
The Manor driver is yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team.
Stevens missed final practice and qualifying due to a fuel system issue.
Stephanie, 13, from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her astronaut father.
She wanted to give him a visual note of how much she missed him.
The next time he was up in space, she created a huge art project.
11 cars wrote the message in Nevada’s Delamar Dry Lake using coordinates and a helicopter.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to get attention.
She gives her tips on how to use your peepers to get someone's attention.
The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing, so it's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m.
A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy.
John Carver says he will use a whip if he has to motivate his Newcastle players ahead of Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light.
The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals and Carver admits that Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions.
There is a suggestion that Newcastle will struggle for motivation given the comfort of their mid-table position compared to the Black Cats, who are fighting for Premier League survival.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s’ home.
He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini.
Zouma started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final and has become an emergency option for the league leaders.
Fees paid to Tony Blair Associates for work advising Colombia on its mining industry, which brings in £2billion-a-year in royalties.
The 34page contract for a year was signed between Columbia's department of national planning, and Windrush No 3 LP, an arm of Mr Blair's business network.
Mr Blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
William Tyrrell, three, disappeared from his grandmother's home in Kendall, NSW last September.
Detectives believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring.
He was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in a quiet street.
Police believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike.
Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage.
Designer Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo.
The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor inside.
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault.
The Sudanese refugee allegedly touched the crotch of a 15-year-old girl.
Hamdin and the girl were dancing and kissing at the Enmore Theatre on Australia Day this year.
Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the sold-out rap concert, which resulted in several people being assaulted.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park.
The 40-year-old was handed the trophy by former Arsenal player Ian Wright.
McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once.
Jafar Adeli, 32, was snared by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting.
Adeli arranged to meet someone he believed to be a 14-year-old girl for sex.
He agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey to Leicester.
But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, Adeli was confronted by police who arrested him immediately while the vigilante group filmed his reaction.
The video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
Kayla Mooney, 24, was in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut.
She was arrested on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend.
The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at three-years-old.
She published her first cookbook, Amy's Baking Year, at age 13.
Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works.
Teenager plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11g to 114g.
The biscuits are made under licence by Burton’s Biscuit Company.
In most cases the price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut.
But in some rare examples the change comes with a price rise.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire.
The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water.
Coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he 'never went near' pool.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death in January last year.
She stuffed his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Kircaldy, Fife.
His death came just six months after he was returned to her care.
Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years.
Review concluded that 'the circumstances that led to MK's death could not have been predicted'
Labour leader insists he does not live in a'mansion' despite admitting it is worth 'between £2million and £3million'
Claim comes despite revelations his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Mr Miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north London home.
The Cambridges are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home, far from prying eyes – and far removed from traditional Royal protocol.
Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games.
The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying a new plunge.
Daley won silver, with a personal best score, at the recent World Diving Series in Dubai.
Rangers host Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday in the Championship.
David Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
Templeton insists he has no regretful thoughts of what it would be like to still be a Hearts player.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday.
Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene live in an LA apartment with their model girlfriend.
Their travels take them across the globe, from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia.
Jay has 735,000 followers on Instagram, while Alexis has 1.1million.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset.
Luis Enrique has strong chance of matching Pep Guardiola’s treble-winning debut season.
Thousands stranded on trains near Clapham Junction in south-west London.
One passenger compared conditions in her carriage to an oven.
Police boarded the trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand.
At least 321 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours.
U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near Baltic Sea in international airspace when a Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path.
Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe'
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat.
CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56.
Mr Tanner said he was left feeling violated and vulnerable after Adams stole money during several visits to his house.
Adams was convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order, restraining order and a total fine of £175.
Ashley Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match, much to the amusement of his team-mates, who took advantage of the situation.
Shaw says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27.
But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 Olympics.
In each lane there are a series of icons, which include information such as the distance to other terminals, directions to nearby restaurants and shops and where to find outside transport options.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration.
The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par.
Lincicombe's first LPGA tour victory since 2011.
Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after losing 2-1 to Arsenal in FA Cup semi-final.
Had Reading reached the final on May 30 it would have clashed with Australian Federici's wedding in Italy to long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner.
A source told the paper: 'No one believes he did it deliberately. But I bet he is wishing he booked his wedding for the weekend after now'
Khadijah Dare, 22, is notorious for threatening to behead a Westerner.
She was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State.
Dare's heartbroken mother Victoria has issued a plea for her to return home.
Mrs Dare also revealed that her daughter had been an equally devout Christian as a child.
No public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday, as it does this year.
The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation.
If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday.
Bosses in some states have been warned to expect a 20 per cent-25 per cent rise in absenteeism on Monday 27.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69.
The 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground.
Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday.
The photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle.
Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse.
Veronica Elliot won the best portrait of person or animal with her photograph Eric.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming.
Johnson was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals for the Black Cats since signing for the club in 2012.
Dundee United host Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership derby on Wednesday.
Paul Hartley's side have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee's recent slide ahead of the game.
United are without a win in three matches, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness.
A planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds.
A shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park, between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread.
At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on March 14.
Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom.
There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions.
SNP leader Ed Miliband insists he will not enter into any deal with the SNP.
But Nicola Sturgeon says he will 'change his tune' after the election.
She reiterated her call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out'
Latest polls indicate the General Election race is still neck-and-neck.
Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the grassroots.
Premier League puts £168million into grassroots sport.
But this represents only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from TV deals.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the demolition of Sunderland last week.
Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to leave Selhurst Park.
Pardew believes Tony Pulis should get a good reception at the club.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Linda and George Hunter raised their four children in their home in Wavertree, Liverpool.
But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme.
The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home.
Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday.
The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig.
Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad.
Organisers of SASMO said the question was set to filter out the most intelligent of participants.
Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal for Real Madrid against Atletico.
Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Hernandez's one-man celebration.
The former Arsenal striker posted an 84-minute compilation video of Michael Laudrup's passing.
Henry said Hernandez owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo.
Lewis Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton set his fastest time on his penultimate lap of qualifying.
Vettel qualified third but could threaten Hamilton's supremacy with Ferrari.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself.
The farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out at the Hancock County courtroom.
Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
Four Swedes were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they stepped in to stop a brutal assault on a subway train last night.
They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train.
One of the officers put the attacker in an arm lock, while two others held him down to the floor until the police arrived.
Nicklas Bendtner was dropped from the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's game against Schalke as punishment for turning up late for training on Friday.
The Denmark international was due to start the match.
Manager Dieter Hecking said he would have started if he hadn't turned up late.
Bendtner responded to the decision to drop him on Instagram.
Tyrone Sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to Peter Dutton's office on Monday begging to stay in Australia where he has lived with his mother for eight years.
Maria Sevilla and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today.
This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
Ms Sevilla has lived in Australia since 2007, when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville in the hope of finding a better life for
Patrick Bamford scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-0.
Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his side had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the Championship.
Karanka could be using his friendship with Jose Mourinho to secure another loan stay should they join the West Londoners.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival.
The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years.
Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons.
But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus.
Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west on Thursday.
Family members have visited the grave every week to leave mementos and flowers for Faith and Hope, but when they arrived on Thursday they found the site completely bare.
'There was no warning, it was just manhandled and thrown in the rubbish. It was through the entire baby section
Isobel Attwood left her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday afternoon.
The 16-year-old has not made contact with her family since.
Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri.
He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,000.
Nick Cousins left Hong Kong court holding hands with his Filipino wife.
Herminia Garcia, 53, was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years.
Mr Cousins was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged Blanca's birth had not been registered, but he has not been charged and is on bail.
Health experts in the US have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic because a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against the virus.
Virus has swept several states in America and California and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago.
They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Shaker Aamer, 48, has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial.
He is the longest-serving UK resident and has twice been cleared for release.
Obama appointed to speed up the closure of the prison camp said there was 'no sound reason' for keeping terror suspect locked up any longer.
Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets.
On Earth, however, it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot.
The buggy can also be controlled remotely, and in the future Nasa says this system can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving.
Samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'I'm beautiful'
The 44-year-old claims Dove's campaign works because it exploits our need to act modestly.
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left.
Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they are beaten at home by Swansea.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI.
The study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds.
Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday.
The 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan.
His arrest for affray, assault and criminal damage left him considering an attempt on his own life.
Francis Pusok, 30, was arrested on suspicion of evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse on April 9.
Pusok's arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and has led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was spoken to by referee Olivier Marteel at the Crucible.
O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match against Matthew Stevens.
The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead.
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities.
Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage.
This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
The Masters is one of the few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices.
Lee Westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second.
Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique.
John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed.
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night, where Mr Moore's images were named the best.
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station.
But he soon became to big to escape thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo.
He fed him scraps of food every day and even visited the station during the revolution in Egypt in 2011.
Sir John Major said SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster.
Claimed it would foster division and further their dream of the break up of Union.
Slammed Ms Sturgeon over demand to play role in propping up Labour government.
She is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself, he said.
Patrick Bamford is on loan at Middlesbrough from Championship side Boro.
The 21-year-old scored one in Boro's 2-1 win over play-off rivals Wolves.
Bamford currently earns £7,500 a week at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new long-term deal.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United.
The 25-year-old had been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Smalling was sent off in the Manchester derby earlier this season.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon'
Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya.
EU leaders including David Cameron will meet in Brussels on Thursday to discuss a 10-point plan, drawn up in response to growing crisis.
Michael Jacobs' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the Seasiders their first success on the road since they beat Wanderers' neighbours Wigan on April 26.
Bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when Emile Heskey, Neil Danns and Gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen.
Lee Clark pulled off a great escape on the final day of last season at the helm of Birmingham.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human mud foosball tournament.
Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs.
It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
A French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day.
The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses.
At 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed, ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad.
Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were spotted at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night.
Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan.
She later deleted the post and issued an apology on Facebook.
Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars.
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001.
The 61-year-old was told she only had nine months to three years to live.
She lost her battle to cancer last Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home.
Four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha and Kelly noticed her ring was missing from her finger.
They have launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park.
Philippe Coutinho gave Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play.
Simon Eastwood had a last-gasp equaliser saved by Simon Mignolet.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'
After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page.
This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a drinking problem.
Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, compared to a fifth of the general population.
The news comes after a shocking report published this week found binge drinking costs the British economy £4.9bn every year.
Kellie, formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney, underwent her final surgery last week.
The 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early.
She now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent with children Sophie, 20, and Libby, 14.
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before squeezing down shaft.
He picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid infrared beams.
Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping in 4x4.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United.
He scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid.
Hernandez is not in Louis van Gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
A University student has revealed how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent.
The student, who asked to remain anonymous, spoke through the English Collective of Prostitutes.
She said that traditional means of earning failed to support her.
PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008, ending Ajax's four-year reign.
Memphis Depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in Holland.
The 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago.
She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body.
In these Instagram snaps Alice shows off toned arms, something she had previously struggled with.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Manuel Pellegrini's side have not won a Premier League game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years.
The last time Man City won having been in a losing position was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2.
Alan Shearer opened the scoring on seven minutes for the eventual Premier League winners.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation.
New York City police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in Queens over the weekend.
The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car.
After making sure no one is watching, the man props the woman against the wall of a nearby building, but without his support she slumps to the ground face first.
Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill.
Instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers.
Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has come under fire for Chelsea's lack of possession.
Last season Chelsea won the Premier League with only 17% possession.
The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains.
Nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone, while Ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt.
If you can't wangle living there full-time, then Barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination.
No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona.
At the foot of the hotel is Frank Gehry's huge futuristic sculpture of a golden fish, El Peix d'Or, installed to mark the 1992 Olympics.
Queens Park Rangers beat Chelsea 2-1 at Loftus Road on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for Jose Mourinho's side.
Thibaut Courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny Charlie Austin and Matt Phillips.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims Weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The married father-of-five has spoken to police and denied the accusations.
But a recorded conversation between him and the model shows he did not deny the incident, it has been claimed.
Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Jared McCarroll, head chef at M Restaurant and Grill, says the best way to cook the perfect steak is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first.
He advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal.
The texture will depend on the quality of the beef and the cut; fillet has the best texture but the least flavour, whereas ribeye has more flavour and more fat.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, Florida, allegedly locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school.
A relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17- and 12-year-old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Pep Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011.
Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final in his six years as a manager.
Shanice Farier, 22, stole £15,336 from her employer, Kanoo Travel in Derby.
She earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father.
But that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, Derby Crown Court heard.
Judge John Burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding that he hopes she will 'get her hands dirty'
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott took three wickets each for 10 runs.
Stokes said Cook and Trott looked assured at the crease.
England dominated the first day of their tour match in St Kitts.
System will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors.
These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'
The decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat.
Russia beat Montenegro 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica on March 27.
Referee Deniz Aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes.
UEFA have ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors while fining the nation £36,280.
Scott Sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for Aston Villa.
The winger is currently on loan at the club from Manchester City.
Sinclair can be bought for £2.5million in the summer.
Joe Cole believes Villa can beat Arsenal in the FA Cup final.
The Lowenbrau Keller in Sydney's The Rocks has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra'
The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel'
Campaign group Collective Shout has slammed the restaurant for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women.
The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid from Castilla for £2.3million in January.
The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Spanish giants.
Odegaard is said to be on a different wave length to his Castilla team-mates because he rarely trains with them.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters.
The 43-year-old ended up winning his first tournament in America since the 2008 USPGA Championship at Royal Birkdale.
Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state.
Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day across Israel.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang.
Tang was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves.
The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
It has been listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Lord Fellowes, 65, is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV.
Trollope's tale is considered one of his best works and Fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an A-list cast.
TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary in the new TV adaptation.
Zachary Davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh.
On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing.
In testimony given to the court by Major Don Linzy, Chief of Detectives at the Sumner County Sheriff's Office, Davis confessed after he was apprehended at a convenience store eight miles away, having fled the scene.
Davis
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Virgil van Dijk says his side will still be a success if they win the league.
The Hoops can reopen an eight-point lead over Aberdeen by winning at Dundee on Wednesday night.
Brian O’Driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force.
Ireland legend says it's a money issue for English sides and they need Roman Abramovich style investment.
Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup semi-finals.
Girls at Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real.
Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell to take the WBC super-middleweight title on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Illinois.
Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114.
Almost a quarter of Brits said their pet dog was more important to them than in-laws.
22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above grandparents at 26 per cent.
More than one in 10 British families now live in ‘blended’ families.
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up.
Captain Alastair Cook made 22 runs in the morning session before retiring.
England will leave St Kitts and head to Antigua for the first Test.
The 38-year-old actor says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew.
He says that he's now focusing on resurrecting his acting career and seeing his two sons James Padraig, 11, and Henry Tadeusz, five.
The Irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of True Detective.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of their second West Indies Test.
He recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury in the World Cup.
The wicket-keeper struggled with the short delivery against Sri Lanka and India last year.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen.
The 25-year-old has lived in the United Kingdom for seven years.
Bedene beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 on the clay in Morocco.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today.
Officers arrested Rashid at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of Terrorism Act 2006.
He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks.
But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Mrs Shute announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically.
When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible.
The vehicle's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash.
It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast.
He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
China has criticised the United States over claims it is bullying neighbouring countries by building artificial islands in the disputed South China Sea.
But Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle.
The war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands.
China claims the work is necessary to safeguard its sovereignty which it asserts over most of the South China sea.
Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Mario Balotelli received the most abuse with more than 8,000 abusive messages directed at him and Danny Welbeck faced 1,700.
The city that generated the highest volume of discriminatory posts by far was London, with 26,433 recorded during this campaign.
Manchester is second with 8,331 and Liverpool follow with 6,792.
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion this summer.
Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old defender.
Tony Pulis wants Taylor to provide more natural balance to his side.
The 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign, sent email.
It revealed that his interns are paid just £25 per week for 12-hour shifts.
Now Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying interns will be paid nothing.
Amanda Knox, 27, was exonerated of the 2007 murder of British student, Meredith Kercher in late March.
Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars, but were acquitted in 2011.
In January 2014, the Italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict.
The case ultimately went to the Supreme Court and their conviction was overturned.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after release in January.
53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort.
Ms Comfort was last seen alive on December 4, 1995.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she'll never forget.
Her parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
So Mackenzie's mother Jenny went on Facebook and posted in a few local groups asking families with girls her age to stop by their family home.
She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event titled, 'MACKenzie's Birthday Party'
The party was moved to a local park, where
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness.
Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or monitor.
A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment.
It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't.
At the moment, more than 90 per cent of forms of colour blindness are supported.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off.
Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says decision is down to good behaviour.
Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match, which was also televised, was chosen for a 5.30pm start.
Six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in Melbourne's southwest.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday.
Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania'
He warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain tackles terrorism.
He said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and that Britain needs a new approach.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent.
Later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face.
He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene.
Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault at Maidstone Crown Court.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner is rarely seen at the club's games.
The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance.
Tim Sherwood said: 'I've not spoken to him yet. My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I don't know who it is'
Ben Stokes gave Marlon Samuels a salute in the second Test on Thursday.
Samuels had given Stokes his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg.
England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding unbeaten 118 from the prolific Joe Root.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
It also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather by little more than 10ft.
The driver, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just 'buy another one tomorrow'
Christopher Wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive Tower Hill school in Delaware.
He had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013.
One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act.
The discovery led to the accomplished composer and pilot being fired from a job he had held for nine years, which had a salary of nearly $3700,000.
Xie Xu, 18, carries his 19-year-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day.
Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle.
It makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight.
TOWIE star Joey Essex met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby.
The reality star said the only thing he knew about Farage was he is a'really, really reem guy'
Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure'
As the stunt took a bizarre twist, the Ukip leader hailed the TV star as an 'icon of youth'
Jen Psaki is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency.
The White House knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job, and that Mr Obama called her personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue.
She is scheduled to give birth to identical twin boys in May, just as her husband, Brian, plans to start as press secretary for Hillary Rodham Clinton's impending presidential campaign.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze which was started by a candle.
The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
Bradey has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein.
Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year.
Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home in a suburb of Madrid, Spain.
The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother.
Neighbours have described how he was involved in apparent satanic rituals.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs.
It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used their bony protrusions to attract a mate.
Palaeontologists at the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia.
They looked at indirect evidence of sexually dimorphic display structures.
These include the fans of peacocks, the tall crests of roosters and the long tail feathers of some birds of paradise.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity on July 17.
Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
McGraw's opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash saying, 'I've never been one to take on controversial issues - I'm a singer'
The $20 Double Eagles were stolen from the US Mint in Philadelphia in 1933.
They were melted down when the country went off the gold standard.
The Langbords brought their coins into the government for authentication.
A jury in 2012 sided with the government and returned them to the family.
Family lawyer Barry Berke: 'Congress clearly intended for there to be limits on government's ability to seek forfeiture of citizens' property'
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs.
According to Houston city codes - Burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will redesign the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots.
Mr Grant will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms.
The new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986.
Maradona started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body.
Matt Derbyshire gave Rotherham the lead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium.
David Stockdale was unable to stop the striker's near post effort.
Beram Kayal, just moments after being booked for blocking a kick from goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez, should have put the visitors ahead.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Brendan Rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season.
Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson are back in training ahead of West Brom clash.
Amir Khan has not fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December.
The former lightweight world champion has struggled to find an opponent.
Bolton fighter has held talks with American Broner via FaceTime.
Broner tweeted a video of himself and Khan talking via video.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday.
When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace'
Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
After being dragged back from the ledge, the woman is then placed in the patrol car and can be then heard crying.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice.
McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results.
Since selling prize assets Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, United have won just once.
Manchester United thrashed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-town rivals.
Manuel Pellegrini is under increasing pressure after a poor run of form.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along while striking a pose for the cameras.
The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire.
Jeff Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation.
The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season as Wolves drew 1-1 with Ipswich.
The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat.
Molineux manager Kenny Jackett had wanted a frenetic start and got that through quick striker Nouha Dicko.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
Perino said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it'
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown.
But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail.
Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers.
According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage.
Doaa and Umm escaped from brutal al-Khansa Brigade in Syria earlier this year.
Pair, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, are now in Turkey illegally.
They said they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey rules.
The 20-year-old said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team's Premier League games this season.
John Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season - 90.8%.
Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Manchester City will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season.
Premier League title holders are on incentivised contracts to ensure they stay within financial fairplay rules.
City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's motivation.
Van Gaal fears defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure in the race for fourth.
In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging Valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria.
But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry.
The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society.
Steel is an alloy - a combination of metal with one or more other elements.
It is mostly iron, but also includes carbon - up to about 2 per cent.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Chris Ramsey's side remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety.
QPR travel to Aston Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Mike Ashley has been accused of turning Newcastle into a 'boring' club.
Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state the club are in.
Former Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn says Ashley must try to reconnect with the club's fans.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose.
Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's availability for the European Under 21 Championship.
Tottenham fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club’s PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month.
The 26-year-old was in the Gulf state, ruled by a controversial king, with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, according to an onlooker.
Beatrice is described as 'working full-time' on her father's official website.
The famous Tiger Temple just outside of Bangkok has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits.
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday.
Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball.
The Argentine underwent a successful operation after being taken to hospital, where he was diagnosed with a broken left ankle.
An Ikechukwu Uche penalty was Villarreal's first goal in five league games but it was not enough to give them their first La Liga away win of the year.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago.
Sullivan, 29, won two silver Olympic medals and a number of gold and bronze at the Commonwealth games.
The pair met in Perth in 2011, and Sullivan proposed beneath a cherry blossom tree in Kyoto.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team.
Less than 11 per cent of men opted for team payment, in comparison to 44% of women.
These individuals tend to be far less common in women's sport, they said.
Georgina Chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business.
Chapman, founder of fashion line Marchesa, is furious and thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids, a source told the New York Daily News.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, has been charged with three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash in Gardena, California, on April 2.
Police say Ikeler circled the car wash and as soon as the little girl wandered away, he snatched her.
The little girl, who has not been identified, was found alone and naked in the parking lot of Jim's Burgers, 13 miles away, after being spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster.
Ikeler has been arrested previously in Northern California and Arizona but not for
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to launch the new Puma boot.
The Manchester City striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the German.
Reus has been heavily linked with a move away from Dortmund.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit.
Some of the women appear to struggle with the cumbersome weapons.
The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history.
The California-based began testing its download feature last year.
The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
Tony Abbott said the EU should 'urgently' follow his lead.
His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night.
He won power in 2013 on a'stop the boats' pledge, and not a single one has breached his ring of steel in 18 months.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes today opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker, urging others to 'overcome the impulse for vengeance'
The couple's statement follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast and his sister, Jane, lost a leg.
This week a jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole.
Alastair Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year.
Vaughan praised Cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed.
The former England skipper is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team.
Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London have found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed.
They found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992.
The findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism.
Gary Lincoln, 48, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist.
He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana.
Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****'
Some feature sexual references, such as: 'quit suckin my d***'
Ashya King's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Parents Brett and Naghmeh King refused to let Ashya have chemotherapy.
Dr Peter Wilson said treatment was essential to reduce chances of cancer returning.
He said Ashya should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks.
Family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant.
It centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in Brooklyn and Queens - the latter the beneficiary of a recent gentrification programme.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for crash.
They have fled their home in Montabaur and vowed to never return.
The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return.
The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
The roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against Joshua Corbett.
Corbett is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in June.
A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial.
Baroness Hale of Richmond said she wanted to see bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce.
Divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons: adultery; unreasonable behaviour; desertion for two or more years; two years' separation with consent; or five years’ separation without consent.
The second reason – unreasonable behaviour’ – is by far the most widely used.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was refused entry.
Post Office employee shouted from behind counter that he would have to leave dog outside.
Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide dog, he allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Helen Dunn, 78, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag from 1955.
Mother-of-two and grandmother was just 17 years old at the time of the shoot.
Hillary Clinton’s security detail arrived at a suburban Des Moines, Iowa fruit processing company on Tuesday with an added vehicle – a second Scooby.
After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle.
Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday evening.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals for the first time in his career.
Karim Benzema hailed his team-mate Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon'
The Frenchman added: 'He deserves everything he has achieved'
Nakhi Wells opened the scoring for Huddersfield in the 12th minute.
James Vaughan doubled the home side's lead in the second half.
Nahki Wells added a third after 12 minutes.
Luke Varney pulled one back in the 48th minute for Ipswich.
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009.
It was calculated using tax and real estate data combined with Census data.
Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre.
New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massachusetts all had acre values above $100,000.
U.S. Catholic bishops have slammed Wolf Hall as a 'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'
Review attacked the six-part series as ‘a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view’
The latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the UK, who tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of historical characters.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats.
But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
The canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
Moniz pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March.
The Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation.
Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane.
The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15.
McCoy's last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up.
There is no mount for McCoy in the feature Bet365 Gold Cup.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
The 30-year-old Briton secured his third win of the season in Bahrain.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored a stunning 66-yard strike against Chelsea.
Adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
The shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away.
As it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters.
No Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy in the field for the tournament.
Spectators have flocked to see Jordan Spieth and Phil Mickelson.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League.
The West Brom manager will return to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final.
Palace fans were pleased with the job Pulis did in his time at Selhurst Park.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton on Saturday.
The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before the game.
Stuart McCall fulfills promise of fielding more academy players.
Tom Walsh came in to replace Kenny Miller and Dean Shiels.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s second child could be the first Royal to be born outside London for 85 years.
Although St Mary's Hospital in west London is the first choice of venue for the delivery, two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace.
The man, named by Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman.
When he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood.
He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died on the way to hospital.
Five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone.
Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the 'unprecedented' scale of destruction.
Lithium-based Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03.
It runs on a 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors.
The car is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h)
It is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28.
The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison on Friday for running a'revenge porn' website.
He was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court.
Victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed herself.
Bollaert's lawyer claimed at trial that the business was gross and offensive, but he didn't break the law by allowing others to post the explicit material.
Natasha Hope-Simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space.
Jameela Jamil spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings.
Blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury.
With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children.
Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively.
Food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Zinedine Zidane says Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.
The Real Madrid reserve boss is tipped as a future manager at the Bernabeu.
Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Nilobon Patty, 35.
The couple had been seeing each other for three years.
But Mr Mackay ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her.
Ms Patty has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death'
She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends.
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat.
It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Raheem Sterling.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
Joe Launchbury has been sidelined since October due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck.
The 24-year-old is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester on May 9.
If given the all-clear, it would be his debut at Wasps' new home.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Daniel Sturridge met up with Darren Farley as part of a promotional video.
Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Hudson Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana.
Boo Weekley was the first-round leader after a 64.
Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes.
Calvin Harris is the 21st most powerful celebrity on Forbes magazine’s Celebrity 100, beating the likes of Gordon Ramsay, Simon Cowell and even J.K. Rowling.
He stormed the stage at an X Factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame.
Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
A punter simply bets a stake to win an amount of money, if they fail to win with the first bet they increase their stake to recover their losses plus win the initial targeted win amount on the second bet.
The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia.
Kathmandu's monuments are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture.
But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake.
Megumi Igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer.
'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court.
Japan has an enthusiastic and prolific pornography industry that caters to all imaginable tastes.
Photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the Lyrid meteor shower above the UK last night.
The meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour.
And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors.
Clare Goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for Boden's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself.
She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces, and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run.
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
They accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine'
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub.
An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road.
Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week.
He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 for one 12-hour shift.
Figures were revealed following a Freedom of Information request.
Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money amid shortage of nurses.
Spending on temporary staff has rocketed to a staggering £2.5 billion a year.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain.
Cameron said under the Conservatives, two-thirds of the UK's job growth now benefits British citizens.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, said they intend to press charges on the woman who verbally attacked them on a Sydney train on Wednesday.
Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the woman insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple.
The abusive woman has not been identified despite the video of the attack going viral.
NSW police sources said a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released.
Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner and Johnson from fighting after an argument turned physical.
Griner told police that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy.
Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen branded the video the'most disgusting, sickening thing'
Kim Callaghan piled on the pounds after giving birth to her two children.
The 39-year-old worried that her size was causing her to look like a man.
Went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight.
Dropped ten dress sizes to slim down to a slinky size eight.
Astronomers say Paul the Apostle was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light.
They say descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013.
The fireball measuring 18 meters across screamed into Earth's atmosphere at 41,600 mph.
Scientists have already uncovered more than 12 pieces from Lake Chebarkul since the February 15 incident.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces.
The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Lawyers claim French media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal when his contract expired at the end of last season.
Arsenal fans were dismayed at a perceived lack of loyalty from Sagna.
Sagna has played only 16 times for Manchester City this season.
German language teacher said tanks should be used to invade France again.
The Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record, and his plans for overseas expansion.
She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France.
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome.
He claims Britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised Victorian era.
But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise.
Dr Penman made the claims in his book 'Biohistory: Decline and Fall of the West'
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault on Friday.
The McLaren's mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2.
Button finished 19th, almost 4.5 seconds off the pace of Nico Rosberg.
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
News comes after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Ex-PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments.
Said: 'Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Blair also praised authoritarian military regime in Egypt, which has been accused of human rights abuses.
Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's replacement.
Louis van Gaal has identified Ilkay Gundogan as a prime contender.
Borussia Dortmund midfielder Gundogan has been watched extensively by United.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Sevens World Series.
Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English.
It is their first title since the Wellington Sevens in February 2013.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands.
A 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held.
Peter Kelly, 34, was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River.
The father-of-five had been fishing on the Wisconsin side of the river.
He and a friend had argued with three teenagers about swearing.
One of the teens, Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with first-degree reckless homicide on Friday.
Kelly leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School in Georgia and will retire at the end of the year.
Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school.
Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the 16-year-old.
Romero has trained regularly with the first team at Velez.
FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic Anzac biscuit recipe.
From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, said: ‘Yes. In certain circumstances’
He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of ‘unqualified’ teachers across the state sector.
Two of his three children go to a state primary school in north London.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter.
American Apparel debuted a new 'pro-women' ad campaign featuring three female employees in the latest issue of Vice.
According to the ad, 55per cent of American Apparel's staffers are women.
The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head.
At three months he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'
This is when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out.
Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for MK Dons and Wolves this season.
The former Arsenal man has added 12 more since joining Wolves on a permanent deal.
He is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at Wigan on Saturday.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness.
He said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on.
The Bayern Munich midfielder fell over as the ball approached him at pace.
Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out Rondo passing drills in training.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance.
Mr Saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.
Erica Leeder, 26, has been charged with assaulting a police officer.
She allegedly squirted breast milk at the officer during a strip search.
The mother-of-three has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council.
Couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support.
Jabreen also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related.
She even claimed single occupancy discount on council tax payments.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season.
Arsenal have been interested in the Spain international in the past.
Martin Montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for Dani Alves at Barcelona.
Fabio Coentrao has struggled to impress at Madrid and could be sold in the summer.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings.
The space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury.
Arsenal face Burnley at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection after long-term injuries.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years and came across 'large quantities' of liquid mercury earlier this month.
The metal may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake.
Rafa Benitez was appointed Chelsea interim manager in 2012.
Benitez made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his Liverpool days and was rightly given a frosty reception.
Chelsea finished 6th in the Premier League in 2011/12 - the lowest in 10 years.
Latika Bourke had no interest in looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
On her first visit to India she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby.
The nuns kept a book with a handwritten record of the day she arrived and then when she was handed over to her adoptive parents.
Latika is grateful to the nuns who cared for her as a defenceless baby when nobody else could.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals linked to cancers and diseases.
A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'
A set of children's necklaces examined by the study were found to have high levels of bromine, chlorine and lead.
Bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it.
Vera Baird is the Police and Crime Commissioner for Northumbria.
She is the director of charity which supports crime victims in her area.
Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim.
The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera'
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen on Wednesday.
Imam had gun wounds to the chest and was embroiled in dispute with mosque.
Hassan Anyabwile replaced him at An-Noor Mosque in Acton, London.
The 53-year-old was involved in attempted coup d'état in 1990 by Jamaat al Muslimeen.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford.
Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
But the striker seems to be coping better after the international break, enjoying an evening out in Alderley Edge on Thursday.
Falcao will consider his Old Trafford future at the end of the season.
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000)
The checklist shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space.
It's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside.
Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves, they would have been lost in space and could have scuppered the Apollo missions that followed including the first of the moon landings four years
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino is set to return to the club for the first time since leaving.
Steven Davis believes the Saints have an advantage over Spurs.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending.
But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car.
Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat.
The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers.
They will walk in the footsteps of Alexander Batalov, a frontline Russian conservationist who has spent the last 20 years of his life trying to protect the rare Siberian tiger.
Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City.
Bale has indicated that he wants to stay at Real Madrid.
But Real could be willing to offload him even though Carlo Ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club.
Aston Villa will come under pressure to sell striker Christian Benteke this summer if bids pass £30m.
The Pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches, and since it launched in 2013, more than a million have been sold.
It keeps things basic — there are no buttons or whizzy features.
Once connected wirelessly to your phone, you can see who is calling, texting or emailing, without having to get your phone out.
The gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing.
It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing.
Captain Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall.
He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Pollster ICM, which was hired by the BBC to select the audience members, today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
The Dr Oz Show released a 25-second teaser clip to CNN Money featuring a part of Oz's rebuttal to promote the upcoming episode.
Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery.
The doctors wrote that Oz, for years a world-class Columbia cardiothoracic surgeon, has'misled and endangered the public'
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018.
Elephants will be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Some will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for sending messages.
Aston Villa face Liverpool at Wembley Stadium in the FA Cup semi-final.
Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe.
The pilot gave his teddy a RAF tie and printed the Royal crest, the letters AM for Air Ministry and his nickname 'Bea' on his chest.
He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the Battle of Britain and believed his beloved teddy bear brought him luck.
Joshua Corbett has pleaded not guilty to stalking and burglary charges.
He broke into Sandra Bullock's home last summer brandishing a love letter.
The Oscar winner was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen.
The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, reported missing after her brother could not contact her.
She had been staying at the house in a suburb of Madrid for two or three months.
The landlord of the house, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested in connection with her disappearance.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when two dogs pounced.
They dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the cat.
Police are now investigating after a woman collects the hounds.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire.
His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out.
Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites.
The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube.
It comes as Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after back operations.
Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her pain.
On Good Friday she left her home after telling her husband she was 'popping out'
But he became anxious for her welfare and he called the police.
She had fallen more than 50ft from the top of an Asda supermarket car park.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China.
The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane.
Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
Southampton have lost three of their last six Premier League games.
Ronald Koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals.
But Koeman believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor.
Gareth MacDonald met Glen Rycroft in a gay online chat room in 2005.
Over the course of their relationship, Rycroft conned Gareth out of thousands of pounds.
When his lover threatened to go to the police, he murdered him.
Rycroft was jailed for life in 2009 for murdering Gareth with a fire extinguisher.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in Syria.
Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.
His brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the group in Syria in 2013.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners.
Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision Monday to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati.
AK did not make accusations against the companies, but said they would be suspended from working in Kenya for six months.
Jeremy Clarkson set to appear on Have I Got News For You on April 25.
He was sacked from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon.
The 54-year-old has been linked with a switch to another channel.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji.
In the US, gadget users send 30% more LGBT-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands.
This is followed by Canada and Malaysia.
The French use four times as many heart emoji than any other language, and it’s the only language for which a ‘smiley’ is not number one.
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened on Sunday.
It was unlocked in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family.
Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Mother-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her toddler daughter while on the toilet.
The picture has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on Facebook more than 211,000.
Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember'
They claim a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission.
The novella is about a housewife's infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski, who she habitually masturbates over while watching his games.
Manny Pacquiao trains in Los Angeles ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight.
Filipino boxer trains in one of North America's largest urban parks.
The 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he ran.
Pacquiao will take on Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Home Secretary said new legislation urgently needed to update powers.
She urged wavering Ukip supporters to realise what is at stake.
The situation is made especially acute by a ‘poison pill’ inserted into emergency anti-terror laws passed last year.
Thomaz Alckmin, son of the Sao Paulo governor, was one of the victims.
Crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo.
It is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, said she was told not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery.
Andreja, who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year, also revealed that she is the new face of Make Up For Ever.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash with Clermont.
The 22-year-old was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt.
He could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait during the match at Allianz Park.
Rugby School in Warwickshire was founded when William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it in 1823.
Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its rich history of'muscular Christianity'
The World Cup trophy is named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy who made the daring decision to disregard the rules.
Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco at Malaga.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Pete Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way.
The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies.
Evans' co-authors, wellness blogger Charlotte Carr and naturopath Helen Padrin, told Channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed 'Happy Tummy Brew'
‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties.
It works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus, and this draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
The 15-year-old girl was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning.
The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl before hitting her with a horrifying thud.
A witness said the girl was drinking heavily at a nearby houseparty and had been'mucking around' with friends in the middle of the road.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent.
Mr Docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
The victim's scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Sean Dyche's Clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won.
Michael Duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued Kane.
Isco has lost his place in Real Madrid's starting line-up in recent weeks.
The Spaniard has been in phenomenal form this season, but has seen his place come under threat recently.
Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax.
The midfielder suffered a collapsed lung in February.
De Jong will feature for Newcastle's reserve side against Derby County.
England Under 19 winger Rolando Aarons has not played since November.
Anzac Day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in Gallipoli.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day.
Many shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others.
Prince Harry's former girlfriend Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday.
The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
Davy wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles.
Daryl Janmaat admits Newcastle's performance against Sunderland wasn't good enough.
Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf muscle tear.
The result moves Sunderland three points clear of the relegation zone.
Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division has four rounds of matches remaining.
Just 11 points split leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey.
Top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent, with Tranmere bottom of the league with two games to go.
The fear involves dropping out of the Football League a week on Saturday after 94 years of membership, something which provoked an angry demonstration by some 150 supporters outside the gates afterwards.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family.
This is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years.
Since the Marillac site in France was unearthed, the discovery of fossil remains of animals, humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for Neanderthals.
New arrival will spend first few weeks at Anmer Hall in Norfolk.
Carole Middleton has become a permanent fixture at the country home.
Nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.
Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to nursery a couple of weeks ago.
John Travolta broke his silence on the Scientology-slamming HBO documentary Going Clear on Monday.
The 61-year-old said he never intends to watch the documentary.
Travoltas said Scientology has been 'beautiful' for him and he 'can't even imagine attacking it'
The Church of Scientology has branded those who featured in the show as 'admitted liars and perjurers'
A tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her.
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. Sunday.
Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff used FaceTune to trim down their figures - with quite startling results.
The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' - but the results were rather scary... and obvious.
Not only can you remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes, but you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches.
Marouane Fellaini is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the Belgian midfielder.
Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat in the corresponding fixture last season.
United have won five league games in a row and are in third place.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg.
Leicester travel to West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday.
Nigel Pearson's side sit bottom of the table and six points adrift of safety.
The Foxes won their first game in nine league games last weekend.
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family.
A judge in Provo signed an arrest warrant on Monday to extradite him back to Utah.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience.
Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events, like making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party.
A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times, research has found.
Michelle, 27, has launched a stellar career since leaving Coronation Street.
Has managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule.
Shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals.
Tents crushed by snow, belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak.
Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department.
Beverley Davis was supposed to be caring for 89-year-old Ray Warren.
But she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164.
The mother-of-three spent cash on Chinese takeaways, eBay, children’s nursery fees, insurance and on mortgage arrears payments.
Mr Warren, from Norwich, Norfolk, died just five months after her crime was discovered.
Davis admitted five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates' Court in February.
By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, according to a report from the Center for Immigration Studies.
Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5% of the nation's population growth between 2010 and 2050 and 82% of growth from 2010 and 2060.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself.
Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday.
Carlo Ancelotti will have Isco and James Rodriguez available for the first time in two months since James broke a bone in his foot.
More than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities.
Manchester City Council the worst offender for its size, with 77 people working for it in PR and similar areas.
The '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram, which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth.
Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liverty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark.
Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back.
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System.
It assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit.
Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia.
While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
As he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Jose Mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job.
The Chelsea boss insists he cannot help but be truthful when he addresses the media.
Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a 'campaign' against his side.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth.
Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or ‘full’ feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, far fewer seek help, and many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy.
TV regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog.
ITV received a further 35 after Saturday's episode of Britain's Got Talent.
The RSPCA said it would be contacting Britain’s Got Talent ‘to ascertain what methods were used’ in the performance.
French MP Guillaume Garot is urging eateries and customers to embrace 'le doggy bag' in bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year.
Throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to €20 billion each year, the MP's study has found.
11 former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs.
They fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses.
However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial.
A 12th defendant, a teacher
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances but has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes.
David Luiz replaced Thiago Silva in the first half after 21 minutes.
Luiz was substituted in the 21st minute after Neymar was substituted.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in 3-3 draw at Aston Villa.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep QPR above the relegation zone.
Rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League table.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat in Wembley.
He had taken part in a demonstration against President Bashar al-Assad three years ago.
His son Murhaf issued a statement calling for witnesses to come forward.
Said: 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause.
Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow, and tamoxifan blocks oestrogens from reaching the cancer cells.
This means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether.
Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients.
The average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and 4 in 10 bought a tablet.
Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
Laptops were second, followed by tablets, with a fifth of homes owning two.
A New York City woman watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment.
'People thought I was crazy to spend $200 on a camera, plus another $100 a year to record the video so I could watch my cats,' said the woman.
The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence.
This week the 55-year-old was found guilty of six new complaints.
The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days.
Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users, with the team proving Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling David Pocock a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language.
The Brumbies flanker and former Australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend, which Pocock pointed out in reply.
'It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. I have a friend who's first language is Auslan so it was for her…' Pocock tweeted.
Prime Minister to offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families.
But National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion.
It will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties.
Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia.
DeMarco is employed as an officer for the New Milford, New Jersey, police department.
They have not said if he will face suspension.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes.
British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals.
Guillermo Garcia-Lopez suffered a surprise defeat to Lamine Ouahab.
Tiger of Mysore, Tipu Sultan, fought in India in 1799.
Duke of Wellington's forces defeated and killed the sultan in the city.
He returned to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne.
This month, a collection of the historic artefacts will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott.
He is accused of killing Ms Scott just days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
Stanford's online alter ego, Quetzalcoalt, used the name of a mythical Aztec serpent.
In one forum, he wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, the science fiction show Stargate titled 'Secret endangered'
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender.
But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
Last month a judge ruled the player had tried to buy her off to keep his cheating secret from his partner, and Rojo was ordered to pay her £25,000 legal costs.
Gary Lineker labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' during last night's leader's debate.
Former England footballer launched the scathing attack on Ukip leader.
Leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head.
Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' the contest.
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged.
The 53-year-old, originally sentenced for a 2000 bank robbery, had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release.
He had decided he needed to go back to prison after his years free had left him without a job or a place to stay and sleeping in mosquito-filled woods.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters.
Monfils will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals of the tournament.
Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the chaos at Elland Road.
Six players including Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani have withdrawn from the squad.
Former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris, 44.
Harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers.
Bates accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun.
The 38-year-old comedian revolted his many followers after he uploaded the video.
During the clip, Limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek.
The three-inch house spider appears to be completely unharmed by its ordeal.
Jordan Waddingham scoured bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps.
The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest.
It took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush.
Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final.
North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
Wales wing was assessed by a neurologist on Wednesday.
John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins.
The 39-year-old looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago.
Higgins is daring to dream of a fifth world title.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503)
But the home side’s lower order hung on — with Sulieman Benn batting as high as nine — and forced an unlikely draw.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts this season for the Blues.
Ray Parlour believes signing Cech in the summer would be a 'no brainer'
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage.
Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV around 7pm on Saturday.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected.
Moody and her father were living as a couple in Springfield, before moving to Klamath Falls and have had two children under two years of age.
In March, Moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars.
Gates, 49, is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his
Doug Hughes, 61, took off from an undisclosed location in Washington D.C. and landed his gyro-copter on the West Front lawn of the Capitol building on Wednesday afternoon.
Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Leiva were given the chance to meet Pele.
Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Brazil icon.
The 22-year-old scored the only goal as Liverpool won 1-0 at Blackburn in their FA Cup sixth round replay.
Getting a good night's sleep can be especially difficult for those with dementia, especially those with Alzheimer's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns.
Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Many studies have found that even occasional smoking can impact on the brain.
Three cars were broken into and damaged at Odsal Stadium on Sunday.
Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised.
The Bulls are appealing for witnesses.
Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver.
Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own.
A stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation Carina is shown in this image.
Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery using near-infrared light.
The heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles.
Inside the nebula is a fantasy landscape of pillars, ridges and valleys made of gas - the fuel for new stars.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit.
Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise and last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Majnaric was so fond of his flock he once delivered CPR to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'
She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia.
England Women's Under 19s beat Northern Ireland 9-1 at Seaview.
Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick.
England can only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
Casey's new range is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business.
Klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his message, which he said he only expected to be read by his friends and customers, has attracted national media attention.
He claims he was taking a stand for conservative Christian values and amongst other issues, he is also promising a discount for gun owners.
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section.
Murodo-daira area of Tateyama experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world, with the 65ft walls being created every year, and then melting by July.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush.
The 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds.
A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg on Thursday.
The carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible.
There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve.
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'
In his most recent blog post, he defended meat eating, saying it was unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian.
He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated.
Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population as demand in developing countries increases.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking.
The pickled onion blocked his windpipe and he tried to clear his throat.
Retired club singer collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away'
But his Labrador Lexi leaped into action and dislodged the onion.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment for leukaemia.
He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China.
The fire is made using sawdust, twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes for it to get hot enough.
Last month, Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented.
It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although, they were never seriously discussed.
Nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year in the UK.
Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the Mediterranean.
Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims being carried off the ship for burial.
He was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration.
Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue.
As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Saturday.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark.
It was only the second defeat of the campaign for Massimiliano Allegri's side.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough – and he was keen to get it done before a holiday.
The disclosure came as Mr Miliband unveiled his General Election manifesto for the NHS.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country, transporting the detainees in secret via a supply ship.
The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government.
It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp.
The 33-year-old was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps.
He was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition.
Southampton are seventh in the Premier League table with a wage bill of £55.2m.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers.
The biggest under-achievers are QPR, with a £75.3m wage bill even from a season when they were in the Championship making them the eighth-highest.
QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the 65th minute.
Jonathan Woodgate and Dwight Tiendalli made a hash of the basics.
Troy Deeney made it 2-0 with 25 minutes to go.
Executives at Coronation Street have reportedly overturned a ban on their cast offering their voice to radio advertising campaigns.
Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp, was said to have been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart.
Bosses were said to be disgruntled that Katy was lending her voice to a rival station and thus potentially advertising the Street's biggest competitor, EastEnders.
NSW Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs.
A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans.
Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory.
Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39.
Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at £13,000-a-year Priory School.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years.
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010.
Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259 - with Bathurst, 200km west of Sydney a close second at 3075.
Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match but still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman.
The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s Betfred World Championship in Sheffield.
O'Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials.
Brennan was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device.
This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
Kimi Raikkonen's Ferrari contract expires at the end of the current season.
The Finn has been urged to improve his performances if he wants to stay.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says results have to improve.
Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China.
Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, left her daughter at home on her own.
The family now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned that Bikram yoga can raise the risk of participants suffering heat stroke.
A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) with 40 per cent humidity.
The average body temperature for men was 39°C and 38°C for women.
Scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks.
Kevin Franklin, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, says he will switch his lights on every evening in April for Autism Awareness Month.
His 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability.
The continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered some neighbours, prompting a poison pen letter last month.
Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs unprecedented power to set higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments.
The move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of the UK.
Widnes lost 30-10 to Warrington in the Cheshire derby on Saturday.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Wolves have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter.
The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk.
Kayonna Cole posed with her pet tarantula and allowed it to bite her hand.
The exotic pet owner filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles.
Eden Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday.
Hazard was voted the greatest Chelsea player of all time in a poll.
The Belgian winger has scored 17 goals so far this season.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's crimes online.
He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Now Miss Handley has disowned him and vowed to change her name.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left speech in Cheltenham.
But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept away.
Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio.
More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday.
At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others.
Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison.
Defense lawyers argued for leniency, and prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher.
Levar Jones, 36, has no criminal record and was unarmed when he was pulled over.
Officer Sean Groubert, 31, has been sacked as a state trooper, and charged with felony assault over the shooting.
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's Chatty Man.
The Manchester City midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Lampard said he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain was on the Lufthansa flight out of Manchester for Munich on Tuesday morning.
Pep Guardiola will come under more scrutiny if Bayern fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit on Tuesday night.
Despite winning the Premier League last season, City boss Manuel Pellegrini has come under-fire this term.
Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population.
Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in Seat Pleasant, Maryland.
On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in West Indies squad for first Test against England.
The 21-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman Hope has been retained.
Leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo has also been handed a recall.
Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday - and was not selected.
Roberts sat incognito with the other called jurors and answered questions about his sister in Indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law, who works with the Indiana State Police.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register.
He cut peepholes in Lynx shampoo bottles and emptied and dried them.
Then hid his iPhone inside to film through the hole in the bottle.
The urology specialist was caught out twice - once when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle, and again when a fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death.
Their last-ditch legal appeal against their Indonesian death row sentence was heard on Monday in Jakarta's state administrative court.
Lawyers for the pair now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency.
They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be filed this week.
The federal government has also asked that new legal options be allowed to run their course.
Richard Cockerill believes the Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action.
Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday, separated by just two points and two places with only four games left.
Saracens, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all bunched up behind Saints.
Wi-Fi Calling is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
EE users on iPhone will see a Wi-Fi calling section appear in the settings app of their phone, which must be switched to enable the feature.
Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed.
Hannah James, 26, had taken her son to bed with her at the family home.
The next morning he was 'lying face down' and 'unresponsive'
Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion.
The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12.
Danny Lambo paid for luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn.
The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories.
He said: 'Cleopatra was the ultimate queen of luxury so a bath that runs chocolate instead of water was the perfect Easter gift for the queen in my life'
Larry Upright, 81, was buried this week in Kannapolis, North Carolina.
The rock-ribbed Republican was passionate about politics.
His family asked obituary readers to reject Hillary Clinton's presidential bid.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Mayweather is expected to retire with as much as $100m (£67m) in the bank.
Pacquiao has been married to Jinkeee for 15 years and has five children.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Ten Pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways.
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant.
Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode.
In the final episode, which aired yesterday, KFC is shown about to launch their new pulled chicken range which consists of a Twister, a mini wrap and the ultimate burger.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse heard from alleged victims at the Neerkol orphanage near Rockhampton.
Former residents told of being locked in rooms and cupboards, starved of food and water, being forced to drink their own urine for hydration and to lick their own vomit.
A retired nurse said she was punched and slapped repeatedly, and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham.
A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away.
The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach.
Ulster back Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017.
Allen admits his move from Belfast will take him out of his comfort zone.
Daniel Agger is to be investigated by the country's FA after allegedly elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen in a hotly-contested derby on Monday.
The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
Leanna Norris, 25, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket.
The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013.
Nathaniel Clyne is out of contract at Southampton next summer.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for the England right back.
Ronald Koeman admits it will be difficult to keep hold of Clyne.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth victory of his career in China.
Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third.
Hamilton is now 13 points clear at the top of the drivers' championship.
Providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users.
Maui, second largest island in Hawaii, was named the second best island.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine.
Antibody blocks the key viral protein receptor needed to infect human blood cells.
Patients injected with the therapy saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load.
Scientists believe their findings offer new strategies for fighting or even preventing HIV infection.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300.
Golfbidder.co.uk has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package.
Mary Day fraudulently claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance.
The 60-year-old used the money to go on luxury holidays to Goa.
She was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers.
Day has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions.
Transport for London (TFL) has removed the posters from the Underground.
The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield.
A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures.
The future king, 32, only started his new job two weeks ago.
He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
The second in line to the throne will be working throughout April in three sites – Cambridge, Norwich and Gloucestershire Airport.
Darren Jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs.
The 28-year-old started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members before collapsing.
Channel forced to cut to commercials as the Labour candidate recovered on the studio floor.
Mr Jones blamed his collapse on a cold brought on by his campaign.
The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June.
Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.
Ander Herrera has scored twice in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
The Spaniard started the season in a reduced role as a substitute.
But the 25-year-old says he wants to stay at Old Trafford for years to come.
Herrera says the Red Devils are the 'right team in the right league'
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product.
The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars.
Sheree Morgan, 25, and sister Sophie, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money.
Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman.
Couple, 86, and 84-year old wife from Cardiff were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
He urged the elderly couple to transfer their money into various accounts 'for their own security'
Lance McDade was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight at city hall on Friday.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest McDade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk.
McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago.
His parents, Emma, 33, and Chris, 36, noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk.
They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20.
Now, they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible.
The artifacts were found at the Honolulu Museum of Art yesterday.
They are believed to have been smuggled into the U.S. by Subhash Kapoor.
Kapoor was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in India.
Officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities.
A video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt.
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
Over half, 54 per cent, also confessed they did not know that Lyme disease affects their pets as well as themselves.
Symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten by an infected tick may experience only flu-like symptoms.
Serge Gnabry has not featured for the first team since March 2014.
The 19-year-old has been sidelined with a serious knee injury.
Ggnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading on Monday.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi is the second St Regis hotel in the UAE capital.
Located in the centre of the city, the 1,120 sq metre suite hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground.
The suite's occupants will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club, which sits along 200m of private beachfront.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out.
The child was not hurt.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute.
Seamus Coleman handled the ball in the penalty box.
Jonjo Shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for Swansea.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up.
He wanted to make her less attractive to other men, Exeter Crown Court heard.
The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her phone and brutally attacked her.
His violence and stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky.
Around 11:30 A.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them.
Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation.
The National Weather Service says a flash flood warning is in effect Friday morning for north central Kentucky.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents.
It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright.
The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week.
Her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party.
A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder.
The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends.
WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur.
The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, the Cerrado in South America, the Congo Basin, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra.
They are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC Heritage Classic at Sea Pines.
The 21-year-old tied Tiger Woods' Masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket.
Spieth said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters.
The heartwarming clip featured on the People's DailyOnline shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago.
His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital.
They were so badly diseased they could not be saved and had to be amputated.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia!
The island lies in the Sporades, east of the mainland.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page.
Said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!'
He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police.
They chased him on foot before finally grabbing him.
Only 32% of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs.
Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves.
More than 70% of Britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen.
Knox played as a non-competing marker with the Northern Irishman in the third round last year.
McIlroy even outscored the world No 1 by a shot.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy.
The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light.
Energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth.
If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge.
The controller of BBC Radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant.
He claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result.
Radio 3 has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born without any nasal passages or sinus cavities.
He had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old.
A pro-life group tried to post his photo on Facebook to promote his story.
Facebook has since removed the photo and reinstated it.
Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in 2014.
This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours.
BBC director general Tony Hall highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust.
Matt Phillips now has seven assists in Europe's top five leagues in 2015.
That is the second highest tally of assists made by any player in Europe.
Lionel Messi has made eight more assists this year than any other player.
Phillips also scored QPR's opening goal against Aston Villa on Tuesday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are now in the top four in the Premier League.
Mata, Fellaini and Ander Herrera have all impressed this season.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered inquiry into memo.
Claims SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win election.
Row comes after Sturgeon claimed she was victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia.
They teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's every day lives.
Shannah has been a life coach for 15 years while Lyndall started her career in a wellness retreat 22 years ago.
Through their courses they work with executives and staff from organisations such as NAB, Macquarie Bank, PwC, kikki,K, Sportsgirl, Commonwealth Bank and Hewlett Packard.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave.
He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
Nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on Tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating.
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed: 'I won't quit my mates'
The announcement came as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives'
Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and model Rachel Hunter.
The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
But Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett and is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Christine Carriage, 67, handed six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
Grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in one-bedroom bungalow.
Officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on.
Carriage admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.
Advisers to Serbia's President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane began tumbling through the air on Friday.
The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican, and his advisers put the incident down to yet another malfunction on the ageing, incident-prone aircraft.
A 38-year-old man stripped down to his underwear and jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police.
When firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath.
The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres.
Suspended across the Sidhue River in the Badong County of the Hubei Province, in stretches more than 1,300m to connect Shanghai and Chendo.
Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question.
He turned the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips at a price of £2.75.
The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40.
Rutherford filed for the order to be reversed in a final plea to gain custody of her children.
She claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the United States.
But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving to Tottenham.
Pochettino has deployed grueling training methods at both clubs.
The Argentine has scored 31 goals in all competitions this season.
Gary Ballance scored a fourth Test century in only his ninth match for England.
Alastair Cook was able to set West Indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions.
The record was set in none other than Antigua and featured a century by Shiv Chanderpaul.
JJ Watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles last season.
On Monday he released a video that shows him making a 61-inch vertical leap.
The standing box jump is billed as a personal best.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own.
As everyday life gets more stressful and homes get smaller, women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven.
The new she sheds are being decked out with Moroccan rugs, cushions, chandeliers and coffee tables.
The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal.
But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League.
Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager capable of restoring English clubs to the final stages of the competition.
Scholes believes former Manchester United team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europe’s premier club competition.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling.
After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures he spotted a female and male fox copulating.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded in Murmansk onto former Irish Sea ferry.
It was being transferred to the U.S. as payment for weapons when case of precious metals was lost overboard.
The former ferry, HMS Ulster Queen, arrived in Greenock in November 1942, after 13 days at sea and two ships sunk by German U-boats.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica.
The 23-year-old striker is set to make his second Premier League start.
Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at Bergen-Belsen.
Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
German president Joachim Gauck said British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
American Airlines have introduced new 'indie' cabin playlists.
The new songs feature rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier.
They are paired with the airline's new state-of-the-art cabins.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.
Real estate agent Tony Keegan said the Melbourne-based former owners were desperate to sell the property, which resulted in the million-dollar bargain.
The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for.
Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada.
One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Another person was checked at the scene.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League so far.
Sam Allardyce has told co-owner David Sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results.
The Hammers have beaten last year's total by two points with seven games to spare.
Wayne Heneker shot dead a masked gunman, only to find out seconds later the man was his friend.
Mr Heneker says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago.
The father-of-two said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life.
It was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague.
Andres Iniesta scored twice in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG on Tuesday.
The 30-year-old had failed to register a single assist or goal this season.
Neymar added his second of the night to make it 30 goals for the season.
Robin Esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years.
His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 2-1.
The 24-year-old has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for Celtic.
Garry Griffiths is currently on loan at Hibernian from Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Lalit Verma 'launched furious assault on boy named only as Shiva'
Alleged beating was so severe the child began vomiting blood.
Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Ben Davies will be hoping to make his first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR.
Davies was part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
The ad world's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience.
We've unearthed some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on.
The pair were involved in a disagreement last week and Carver took the decision to remove the Argentine from the matchday squad.
Carver said: 'There was a situation on the training ground which happens at every club'
Newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats if they lose to the Swans.
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old was given just four out of 10 by one Spanish newspaper.
Jose Mourinho will be demanding more from his midfielder in the Premier League.
Fabregas' former team-mate Thierry Henry holds the record for assists in a season.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, from Des Moines, Iowa, has lost 20lbs in a month.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit.
But he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes.
Officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet from a previous offence bearing his name and address.
Mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by a surrogate mother.
Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally.
Camels are a valuable commodity in the desert sheikdoms of the Persian Gulf, and are used for racing and transport.
Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health.
Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei.
The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs.
While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into.
Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
The man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick as Leeds beat St Helens 41-16.
The 19-year-old has now scored six tries in six Super League appearances.
Leeds are six points clear at the top of Super League.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree.
A complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty.
Celtic host Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18.
Tickets were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Former chairman and manager Walter Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas.
Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned as chairman.
The 67-year-old has no need to embroil himself in the grief or stress.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.
She said the policy would require a change in the law.
Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Manchester City were beaten 2-1 by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored.
Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher accused Toure of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick.
Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone over the last year.
The reality TV star has come under fire for this picture in which she appears to be very slim.
She is not the only Newcastle resident to have lost weight.
Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan and Marnie Simpson have all all all dropped the pounds over the past 12 months.
Timothy Norris-Jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions.
The 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell.
Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from visiting mother.
Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' and added: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
A Sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during an appointment.
Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language.
The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers'
The Civil and Administrative tribunal reprimanded Mr Dewar last week and have banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to become Delhi Daredevils coach.
Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle.
Thomas is free to take up the short-term coaching role with Delhi until April 16.
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy.
After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself.
Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has never won the Champions League as a player.
He was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against Chelsea.
Ibrahimovic is PSG's main attraction against Barcelona on Tuesday night.
The Swede was the marquee signing when Qatari owners bought the Paris side and decided to turn it into Europe's greatest football club.
Liam Dawe, 21, was assaulted as a four-week-old at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth.
He died from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy.
Coroner Ian Arrow said Mr Dawe's health was 'contributed' by the assault.
Richard Attenborough's possessions will be up for sale at Bonhams auction house.
He made his big-screen debut in 1942 film In Which We Serve.
Actor was still acting five decades later when he appeared in Jurassic Park.
Many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given a life sentence.
His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager.
He had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother who did not live with them.
As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him, crying out: 'I love you and miss you'
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked Britain.
Thusha Kamaleswaran was shot in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack'
Clive Howard, 57, admitted seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape.
Victim Jessica Howard, 23, has bravely waived her right to anonymity.
She said he had 'humiliated' her and ruined precious relationships with friends.
He was today jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings.
Fiorentina beat Sampdoria 2-0 in Serie A on Saturday.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored for the hosts.
Roma beat Napoli 1-0 with Miralem Pjanic scoring for Roma.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago.
His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Beryl Hanlon, whose 12-year-old son Gary was killed, sobbed as she heard the news.
Sevilla, Napoli, Fiorentina and Dnipro will all face each other in the Europa League semi-finals.
La Viola beat Tottenham, Roma and Dynamo Kiev en route to the last four.
James Webster, 35, targeted women as they bent over freezers in Lidl.
He was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him moving bag closer to victim.
Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in the bag.
Webster admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face jail.
But he was spared jail after magistrates in Slough, Berkshire, ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme.
Lillian Bustle, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3' and 'wife' because she's married.
'Fat' is just another self-descriptor for her, who insists that the word doesn't have to be used as a synonym for 'ugly'
The Oshun Café will serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries.
The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments.
Acai berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate, with a distinctly earthy aftertaste.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday.
Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona's lead with a second of the night.
Edinson Cavani looked out-of-sorts and failed to deliver.
Neymar was Barcelona's most eye-catching forward in the first half.
Anthony Mann pleaded guilty to manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
The 78-year-old stabbed his wife to death after she begged him to end his life.
He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole equipment from Donna's Dream House in Blackpool.
Volunteer worker claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain charity's trust.
Mitchell was meant to raise profile after devastating arson attack in 2011.
He pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court.
Charity chairman Len Curtis said: 'It is soul destroying when trust you place in someone is betrayed'
The cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album.
In total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the Fab Four themselves.
But because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together, waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead.
The album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today's money.
A total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook.
Freddie Hussey was killed when a trailer came loose from a passing Land Rover.
Mrs Hussey had just dropped her eight-year-old son Archie to school.
She was helpless as the trailer mounted the pavement and crushed Freddie.
Police found trailer had not been correctly attached to Land Rover but driver Tony Davies avoided jail after admitting causing death by careless driving.
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo.
Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife.
Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute.
The man faced Campbelltown Local Court on Wednesday where he was charged with the 102 offences.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison announced that the government would provide $15 million in funding to specialist family violence services over the next two years.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job'
Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes in west London.
They took a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving Honda Civic up to 25 miles over speed limit.
Lost control and smashed into oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013.
His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed.
Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving.
He was convicted in February this year after a four-day trial.
Visa asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what.
The average American high schooler could spend over $300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance.
Former NFL cornerback Will Allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators.
They're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a Ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes.
Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH cup.
Features a pocket which allows a cookie to cradled in the cup.
Alex Stock, a former friend of alleged victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus.
He was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the botched story Sunday night.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store, with support for devices from iPhone 4S models or later.
The free app also intuitively streams Spotify tracks that match the runner's interests based on their preferred playlists, artists and genres and listening history.
Once a workout is complete, users can review and save their distance, time, pace, as well as see which tracks were played.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme.
The pair, aged eight and seven, chant Rooney's name at him in the street.
Rooney admits he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets.
But he does love the adulation he enjoys at Old Trafford and Wembley.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
English cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick player.
Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub.
Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
He was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland was undergoing surgery for his injuries.
Gemma, 34, launched several additions to her Evans range today.
New additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League.
Manchester United have held talks with Burnley about a summer deal.
Liverpool were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer.
Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals.
Patrick Bamford scored his 19th Middlesbrough goal of the season on Tuesday.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Boro, Derby and MK Dons.
Bamford's parent club Chelsea are opening talks over a new deal.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has been impressed with Bamford's attitude.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Porto coach Julen Lopetegui does not believe his side can cause an upset.
Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate for the brand of football he has brought to the Portuguese.
Oscar-winning actor, 63, hanged himself in August 2014, aged 63.
He had been diagnosed with Lewy body dementia, a common form of dementia.
The day before his death, he stuffed his watch collection into a sock and took it to a friend.
Also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness.
Autopsy will reconstruct his final hours of his life on Channel 5 tonight.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator.
Program teaches inmates about the internet, a phenomenon invented in the mid-90s after most of them were incarcerated.
The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside'
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud.
His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire.
The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text.
Investigators found no fault with the aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Officers in Paramus, New Jersey, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community.
The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
With simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your flowers last.
From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips.
Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months.
The elderly woman's son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.
But after finding the 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother's room, Mr Ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards.
Police ignored sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff.
The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund in July.
Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season.
The 41-year-old has carved a name for himself at German club Mainz.
Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid.
The 26-year-old has one year left on his current deal at Old Trafford.
Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Monday the club would take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family.
He has written an enlightening account of his time with the club.
The Glazer takeover was met with huge protests by supporters in 2004.
Nayani claims Malcolm Glazer left the takeover to his sons.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table.
The 39-year-old admits that waiting makes his mind wander.
O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in his career in 2014.
Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, Arizona.
He points what appears to be a rifle into the air and a shot rings out.
A police officer in one of the patrol cars says: 'One round just went out'
He then tells his colleague, Officer Michael Rapiejko, in the other vehicle: 'Stand off, the gun is loaded'
But he overtakes the officer's car, before speeding straight toward Valencia.
Seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body.
Police have since spoken out in defense of Rapie
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Neymar at Barcelona.
The Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season.
Luis Enrique's side take on Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
But Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39, and her 38-year-old sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota.
Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June.
On Day 2 of his insanity trial, Dr. Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional.
Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Key Biscayne, Florida.
The 27-year-old will marry her long-term partner later this month.
Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11.
Raheem Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday.
Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack'
The 20-year-old will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking the drug.
Arsenal have gone cold on Sterling, who scored in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday.
Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award from Manchester United.
Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 2-1 win at Anfield.
He also produced an impressive display in the 3-0 home victory over Tottenham.
United return to Premier League action against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her.
She eventually went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers.
Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved.
Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape.
Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures'
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East.
Police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
They were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head.
A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night.
Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February and has only just returned to the first-team picture.
Holland international made his first appearance for Louis van Gaal's side since the 3-0 loss at Everton on Sunday.
He was joined by Adnan Januzaj, Tyler Blackett, Anders Lindegaard and Andreas Pereira.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District.
Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels in England and Wales have been wiped out.
William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother Alison Overton.
The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year, just four months after her death.
He wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume.
The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil — nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013.
Washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months.
Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Last night, defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash.
They were adamant that HMS Talent struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a Russian sub.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed.
Yandamanuri was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of Satayrathi Venna, 61, and the suffocation death of her grandchild Saanvi, 10 months.
He was expressionless as the verdict against him, which included up to 62 years in prison for kidnapping, burglary, and abuse of a corpse, was read in October.
Flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at 9.20am.
Airlines confirmed that the landing was not an emergency, and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause.
Incident happened an hour after two Ryanair planes clipped each other on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off.
Ben Gibson is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club.
The 22-year-old was sacked by Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson.
Gibson helped the Teessiders win the Carling Cup in 2004 and the UEFA Cup in 2006.
Banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk.
They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol.
Centre Pompidou Malaga, a pop-up version of the Parisian institution, has opened to visitors.
It is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area.
The Automobile Museum in Malaga houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture.
Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash in east London.
Driver of white BMW accelerated and hit the other man in broad daylight.
He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius.
The 25-year-old driver of the white BMW, from Camden, was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home.
They wanted to ensure that, while in travel mode, the house would meet minimum road requirements.
Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking.
The open space also includes a lounge area and dining table, complete with a fold out baby chair for Piko.
Bubba Watson showed off a baseball-style trick shot while practicing in China.
The 36-year-old flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it.
Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, drawing a reaction from his caddie.
Two 'unemployed rich kids' caused a major traffic accident in Beijing.
They crashed a green Lamborghini and a red Ferrari into an underpass.
The crash caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall.
Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club ahead of The Masters 2015.
Woods has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form.
The former World No1 has not won a major since the US Open in 2008.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer.
Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final.
Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over Rafael Nadal.
Labour's plans to impose rent controls are ‘economically illiterate’
Will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted.
But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were ‘riddled with loopholes’
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday.
Liverpool captain Gerrard will join LA Galaxy at the end of the season.
Lampard will meet up with new MLS franchise New York City FC.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls.
He was fired due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures.
Chairman Tony Hyams-Parish said: 'This was not an easy decision'
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory.
It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago.
The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood.
But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa.
A frozen world circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life.
John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation at Sunderland.
The Magpies suffered a fifth successive derby defeat at the Stadium of Light.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a 1-0 victory for the Black Cats.
Jonathan Trott was dismissed for a duck by Jerome Taylor in the first over.
The wicket left England 1-1 after just five balls in Antigua.
Trott was making his first Test appearance since his Ashes withdrawal.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys.
The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home.
Jeffreys, 47, followed and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
He only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought she was sleeping, but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in February.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager.
The Manchester City captain was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at Anderlecht.
Kompany admits that his mother insisted he finishes school before moving to England.
Michelle Knight was chained inside Cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by Ariel Castro.
Knight, who appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday, refuses to be considered a victim.
'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch.
The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox.
At first the fox attempts to fight back, growling viciously at the advancing eagle, but as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he can handle.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring before Jason Puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead.
Yaya Toure grabbed one back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to stop City from losing further ground on league leaders Chelsea.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday.
The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight.
State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
Alexis Sanchez has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year award.
The Arsenal forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far.
Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular player'
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has secured an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers.
Chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday.
Supporters will hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with Ashley.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself.
He woke from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button.
Doctors at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth battled to save him.
But he was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after.
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault.
Police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex on Saturday, January 24.
Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out'
Witnesses told police they saw five subjects flee in a Rolls-Royce Phantom following the
The Renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world.
The car shape originally designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the UK.
It is just as popular across the world from Munich to Mexico City thanks to its practical design, economy and comfort.
Seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks.
Luke Rockhold faces Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday.
The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory.
Rockhold's last victory came against Michael Bisping last November.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges.
Reports emerged on social media on Thursday suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks.
Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits.
Scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry.
But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner against Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Defoe had scored just twice for Sunderland since arriving in January.
The 32-year-old admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in.
Duke of York inspired to launch Key to Freedom after visiting Indian refuge.
The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity.
Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
Premier League clubs can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth £45m a year.
Guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years.
The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016.
Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests.
The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself.
He was later forced to give up his job at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey.
Saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange.
A lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of Earth.
This is an area known as the umbra, where light from the sun is blocked by our planet.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca.
The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more this season.
Real Madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he's been missing.
Manchester City have eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season.
Premier League champions will ask about Raheem Sterling's availability even if Liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him.
Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final against Chelsea on Monday night.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election.
Ukip source said: ‘It is not looking easy for Mark, but we are hopeful the figures are misleading’
West Ham striker Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho wanted to sign Juan Cuadrado and Douglas Costa in January.
Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract at Stamford Bridge.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for Middlesbrough.
Wellington put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
The city’s iconic and bohemian Cuba Street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities.
Tracey Neville is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary and Gary.
The 38-year-old will manage England at the netball World Cup in Australia.
Neville says her personality is probably a mixture of the brothers.
She was first capped for her country at 19, eventually making 81 international appearances before a knee injury forced her to retire.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus have locked horns on Twitter once again.
In not-so-subtle posts on the social networking site, the two carriers reignited their feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at Dublin Airport.
Ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in Terminal 2, along with the words: 'Low Fares have come to @DublinAirport T2 at last. 'Fly from T1 for the lowest fares made simple'
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid at the Bernabeu on Tuesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema in a 4-3-3 system.
Atletico's two banks of four are very good at closing the space down for Bale, Ronaldo and Benzema.
Diego Simeone will flood the midfield with Arda Turan, Mario Suarez, Gabi and Koke to try and smother the Real Madrid midfield.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund.
The German centre-back has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Hummels admits he may not be staying at the club for much longer.
Dortmund lost 1-0 to Bayern Munich at the weekend.
New Jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey.
Authorities located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in Orange township.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, was 16 when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'
She has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides.
In Out Came The Sun, aimed at adults, and Invisible Girl, written for teens, describes Mariel’s journey of self-discovery.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court.
Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross on January 3.
Mr Lyttle's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock.
As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road.
Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death.
She regularly snacked on junk food all day to make herself feel happy.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north.
Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern.
Authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club.
McCoist and Kenny McDowall assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
McCoist finally resigned and was placed on gardening leave in December.
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year.
Now it is on the market after having served in World War I and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981.
The Edwardian style yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Alan Pardew believes Sunderland fans should concentrate on Palace.
Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland.
British children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way'
Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend.
The 51-year-old is also an advocate of good sugars despite popular beliefs currently surrounding the move towards complete sugar bans.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao.
Valencia had been reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off.
Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Elche.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years.
The party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as: 'Merry Cripmas to all, and all a hood night'
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Hillary Clinton's 2016 bid.
They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job.
But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, who discuss their upcoming wedding plans.
In the latest issue of Elle, Chelsea Clinton finally reveals to the world just what happened to her once-unruly hair.
The 35-year-old daughter of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, also talked about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon.
Mauresmo, who is expecting a baby in August, will be replaced by Swede Jonas Bjorkman in the lead-up to the US Open and possibly after that.
Murray parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling.
The percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent in the past 10 years.
In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago.
But it's Houston that takes the title of being the most noteworthy American citiy on the list.
Ukip leader said it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking.
He also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Tories.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million.
He has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
Cardiff have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program.
During the test, it trailed the Omega Air Refuelling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within 20 feet.
Depending on the weather, the aerial refuelling demonstrations are due to last throughout the weekend.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies.
Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat.
The boxer posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel.
Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps and if an offence took place.
Mr Khan splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US.
Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies.
Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Kyle Toth built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California.
It measures 45ft in length and sends occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft.
Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham in the fourth minute.
Ross McCormack equalised for Steve Evans' side with 67th minute strike.
Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side need to rebuild in the summer.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring in the 21st minute against Fiorentina.
Roberto Pereyra doubled the scoreline shortly before the interval.
Leonardo Bonucci added his third goal of the night in the 59th minute.
Alvaro Morata was sent off after a clumsy challenge on Alessandro Diamanti.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the 22-year-old.
Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot problem to start for Barca against Celta Vigo on Sunday.
A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan's position as Benfica's leader.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place grow.
Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and finishing in the top four.
The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team by cutting a more commanding figure.
Greg Dyke was given a Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA during the World Cup.
He initially refused to hand his back after the watch was recalled.
FIFA's ethics committee has now closed proceedings on the matter.
Boeing is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins.
They will be available on its 737 family of planes.
'Space Bins' can hold two more bags than existing compartments.
So far two airlines – Delta and Alaska – have ordered the new bins.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions.
Jim Rodwell’s departure from Notts County has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place.
Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm Brabners are representing QPR over their considerable FFP troubles.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January.
The Dutch winger has one year left on his contract at Feyenoord.
Koeman is also monitoring his team-mate Jordy Clasie.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 took off from Seattle on Monday afternoon.
The pilot turned back to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight when he heard screaming.
A worker had fallen asleep in the cargo hold before take-off.
New infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows tactics you can use to change the layout of your room.
Sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber.
Pete Evans' Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way has been dumped by Pan Macmillan.
Co-authors Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings.
The cookbook, which was supposed to be released last Month was delayed before being cancelled completely by the publisher.
SNP leader says the 'direction of travel' was towards independence.
David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom.
Comes as Tories unveil new poster showing Nicola Sturgeon pulling Ed Miliband's strings.
The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses.
It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory.
Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade.
Mrs Merkel has reportedly hired a private Pilates instructor and enjoyed healthy vegetarian dinners in the hotel restaurant.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled around the world with Gaynor Godwin.
He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money.
The pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000.
Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009.
Judge has ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as the proceeds of crime.
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra.
'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes. 'I'd like to explain exactly what that means so that no one thinks I'm in any way devaluing Stay-At-Home Moms'
More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked after stock market fell 30 per cent.
Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today.
If they had resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 if they had not spent any of the cash.
Franck Ribery says Kevin de Bruyne is the wrong type of player for Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne has scored nine goals this season for Wolfsburg.
The 23-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Bundesliga leaders.
Ribery believes De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of Pep Guardiola.
Rangers have reassured fans that they will return to the club when a £5million loan is repaid.
The Ibrox board launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk.
It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide.
The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape.
And the simulation is particularly interesting, because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years.
Angelique Kerber beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 at Porsche Grand Prix.
Sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart.
Madison Brengle of the United States defeated Petra Kvitova.
Widower Clem Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting.
Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on.
They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna.
Manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on cost saving to consumers.
The trophy room at Sandringham was a relic of a bygone era.
Now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the estate.
All 62 items – including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks – have been removed.
Fred Pagan was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
Pagan, 49, has worked for Sen. Thad Cochran since he was 16 years old.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, apologized for his 'offensive' comments to conservative talk show host Mike Gallagher on Friday.
In reply, Wallace said the singer and new mom could'stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'
Clarkson, who coincidentally spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show the same day, is married to talent manager Brandon Blackstock.
On Friday, Wallace's fellow Fox News anchor, Greta Van Susteren, almost immediately took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments to Gallagher.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure.
The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung.
'We are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage,' the company said in a statement.
Elle Macpherson, who turned 51 last month, has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body.
The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is.
An alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods (lots of leafy greens) and exercising.
Paul McGowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
McGowan was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
Dundee boss Paul Hartley has warned McGowan may not feature in any of the team's remaining six games this season.
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder, an autopsy has revealed.
Police responding to news of 'an argument' had chased Justus down the street before opening fire.
The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring.
But despite such ominous language, fans of the 'addictive' procedure seem undeterred.
Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm.
Just after her mother died, Carol Bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news.
Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League again.
Celtic lost 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in August.
Messi has played at Celtic Park three times during his career.
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of headdress made from 80 feathers.
Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare.
Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
80 current and former leaders say there is evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
They say Labour – and some senior Lib Dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls.
The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
The Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses.
It has compiled a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging tourists to consult the guide before travelling.
The group claims that the'red' or 'orange' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to abuses.
WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral.
The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass.
Tumaini Eliazery, who filmed the incident, is a refugee from Congo who has been working as a cleaner in Australia for more than eight years.
Romeo, 12, completed the three-mile London mini-marathon on Sunday.
The Beckham family were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race, raising £6,000 for charity.
It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
Theresa May, George Osborne and Boris Johnson named as potential successors.
Mr Cameron admitted he and the London Mayor have been political rivals for decades.
But he said Mr Johnson had'suddenly realised' he was not his 'competition'
He said: 'His competition is people who'll have a crack at it after me'
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment.
It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist.
He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver'
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls.
She was looking 'worn out' ahead of the procedure in Istanbul, Turkey.
But the 'horrendous' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
Belinda is to appear on tonight's episode of TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy.
The Labour leader claimed the Mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of the PM's Libya policy.
Miliband insisted he was not saying Mr Cameron had 'blood on his hands'
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November.
The 11-year-old can't go out in the sun without breaking into a severe rash and his throat can swell so much it almost closes over.
JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms.
Stuart Dallas gave Brentford the lead just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage.
Ross McCormack's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit for Fulham.
Alex Pritchard equalised for the hosts with a fine solo effort.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus to start new job as IT project manager.
But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters.
Stun gun could cause victim to'startle and repel', court heard.
Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24.
Perez was serving four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Arevalo survived the shots, despite wounds to his face.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side.
Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities.
Sterling scored the opener in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle United.
The 20-year-old is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield.
Rodgers said that Sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 at The Crucible on Wednesday.
O'Sullivan had trouble with his shoes during his first round match.
The 39-year-old won by a comprehensive margin but didn't hit top form.
Mohammed Emwazi, now known as Jihadi John, planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia.
But he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members.
Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Tony Pulis has held conversations with West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace.
Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by July.
Pulis would want immediate talks with any new chairman over his position.
Danielle Jones, 33, and husband Darrel, 44, got married on Good Friday.
Take That superfan Gary Barlow dropped in at reception to sing 'A Million Love Songs'
Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had asked singer to perform.
But he secretly replied saying 'let's do this' - on condition they kept it secret from Mrs Jones.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry.
His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNP’s Westminster leader Angus Robertson.
Claims SNP showed compassion for Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him.
Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone.
Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged.
The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store'
Documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003.
Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet.
His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015.
These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money.
Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty. But most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an influential player for Everton and England after negotiating second-season syndrome at Goodison Park.
Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton on the back of his inclusion in last summer’s England World Cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty.
But England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old and Martinez believes his two substitute appearances for England against Lithuania and Italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again.
Jason Lee, 38, allegedly forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom.
He told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear.
The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk.
Lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges.
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital.
It came as the West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment.
Worst-ever figures show it has missed four-hour waiting time target for 28th consecutive week.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault.
Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the pensioner fall to the pavement.
He parked and rushed over to help, but returned to find the warden printing the ticket.
'I saw her fall down and stopped for around 30 to 45 seconds at the most to help her,' he said.
James Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month.
The defender hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition.
The Hellenic Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition if a proposed new law is voted in.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs.
The bill, entitled 'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions', will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 goals for the season.
The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals.
Henry scored 26, Eto’o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season.
Sarah Harding has signed up to appear in four episodes of Coronation Street.
Denise Van Outen is set to play Max Branning's new love interest, Carin Smart, in the long-running series.
Sarah Harding is putting her pop career on hold to star in at least four episodes.
Michelle Collins left EastEnders in 1998 after a decade of playing Cindy Beale.
Ryan Poston, 29, was shot dead by Shayna Hubers, 24, on October 12, 2012.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Poston's family described his relationship with Hubers as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing roll of £50 notes.
She used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
After going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings.
Dr Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged in his Miami home two days after his high school photo was taken.
The dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey, the year he graduated.
They were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just 'a Jewish kid from Newark'
The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat.
In one instance, Bill Clinton received one of his biggest paychecks in $500,000 for a June 2010 speech in Moscow funded by an investment bank with ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The Clinton Foundation was barred by an agreement from accepting money from foreign governments it wasn't already in business while Mrs. Clinton was in President Barack Obama's cabinet.
Dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin, but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting.
The clip of Stephens, who had previously been arrested for cocaine, was released as part of a lawsuit against the sheriff's office.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard scored the decisive goal in the 38th minute.
Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini.
Jordan Henderson has not given the ball away as much for Liverpool this season.
John O'Shea is the sole Premier League outfield player to have appeared in every minute of every game in all competitions for Sunderland.
Steven Caulker made 20 clearances and more than any other Premier League defender all weekend.
Chelsea need to rely on Loic Remy for goals in the last eight games of the season.
Sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage.
But patients would have to eat several pounds of vegetable every day.
UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed synthetic version of chemical.
Single dose of the drug is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket despite the pair's chequered past.
Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Paul Downton.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for the Premier League clash.
Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend the former Tottenham boss.
An estimated one in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort.
Among them is Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth in Texas, who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: 'It's only fair that men should have it all'
The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood.
Department store Myer will be holding a designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd April.
The sale will see mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes, accessories and clothes.
This means making way for new season collections by slashing the prices of current season stock - at a staggering 75 per cent.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
The 35-year-old walked into police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me'
He was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article.
Steve Spowart spent five hours rescuing five horses from flood waters in Maitland, NSW.
He dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences.
The animals' owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her 'absolutely amazing' brother-in-law for his incredible feat.
She said: 'I don’t know what I would have done without him and my sister’
The flood water is now receding but it will be a few weeks before the horses can return to the fields.
Mass brawl broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night.
Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri ended up at each other's throats when the party went sour.
According to casino worker, fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol, dragging their group of friends into the conflict.
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Tamworth, plundered elderly woman's accounts.
He spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops.
The builder persuaded victim to change her will so he could reap benefits.
Then secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as beneficiary.
Donohoe has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone.
Demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants at risk.
Andy King's 86th minute winner kept Leicester City's hopes of Premier League survival alive.
West Ham United's Senegalese international Cheikhou Kouyate scored to make it 1-1 in the first half.
Nugent had the chance to all but secure Leicester City victory but the striker missed from the spot.
The Hammers have not won away from home since December 2nd.
The family of three had arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the Old City.
On Monday, Kim, Kanye and Khloe arrived in Jerusalem's Old City to visit Armenian church St James Cathedral to baptise the nearly-two-year-old girl.
Nathan turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with Atletico Paranaense.
Manchester City have been keen on Nathan following his performances in the World U17 Championships two years ago.
Chelsea have a strong Brazilian contingency with Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for Juventus against Torino.
But the Italian midfielder couldn't stop his side from sinking to a 2-1 defeat.
It was the first time Torino had beaten Juve in the derby for 20 years.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with ​it'
The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times'
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before.
The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride.
She told police he then helped her into his car and drove her home.
Ann Malsbury, 22, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with saucepan and hair straighteners.
The chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her Coventry home to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship.
But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him.
She then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with blade.
A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint.
In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Chris Ramsey was handed the manager’s job until the end of the season.
Ramsey stepped up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February.
The 52-year-old insists he is more than happy to remain in W12 regardless of what division they are in next season.
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday – a record sized 728kg pumpkin.
The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants.
Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals.
Doug Gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in Blackfield.
The ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and died two weeks later.
He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament.
Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt.
The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest.
Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program.
Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California.
She shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm.
Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment.
It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife.
The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11.
She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
But she insists their intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a 'poacher hunter'
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last four games with abdominal injury.
Holland international is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto.
Robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days.
Shocking footage has emerged of a brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in Brisbane's south.
The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, PolAir.
Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16.
Art collector claims she was robbed of more than £4million worth of jewellery.
She was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport.
Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.
The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)
Referee Kenny Bayless will earn $10,000 (£6,800)
Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach has previously pleaded for a fair fight.
A surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients.
Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae.
The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections.
Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing.
Lorna McCarthy, 50, feared for her life in hours leading up to her death.
Husband Barry McCarthy, 51, had previously found out she was using websites.
But she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her.
He entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times, Norwich Crown Court heard.
McCarthy, from Gorleston-on-Sea, Norfolk, will be sentenced on May 1.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has 16million reasons to qualify for the Champions League.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for the next three years of European competition.
The last time Celtic reached the group stage, in 2013-14, they won one match and earned £12.6m.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey.
She died from a head injury the next day despite best efforts of medical teams.
Her mother Kirsty Lee, 25, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today.
The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne.
The 21-year-old spends her days hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes.
Her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
Dr Habeeb Latheef, 48, is on trial at Taunton Crown Court accused of assaults.
He allegedly told the women he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling.
Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room, forcing you to get out of bed to do so.
Smartphone users will be able to download the app onto their phone from June.
Each device is paired with a specific QR code, which can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the house.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in early hours of March 30.
She was taken to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Was placed in a coma, but died a week later from multiple organ failure.
Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs.
The Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo had been standing at the back of the enclosure.
But he decided enough is enough, and ran at the onlookers.
He launched himself and his hundreds of pounds at the little girl, hitting the glass with such force it cracks.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month.
Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer affecting 70 per cent of patients.
These ‘oestrogen receptor’ cancers are currently tackled using hormonal treatments such as tamoxifen to reduce oestrogen levels or block ER function.
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating at Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County, Tennessee.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble.
It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
The space telescope will weigh 6.4 tons and its main mirror will be 21ft (6.5 metres) in diameter, three times as large as Hubble's.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession.
She referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent.
A disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'
The panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks.
Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls.
Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side against Stoke.
The England midfielder injured his ankle against Manchester United.
Wilshere has been out of action since November with ankle and calf injuries.
Arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 at the Emirates on Tuesday night.
The Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham.
Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured.
The two-door German sports car was crushed while maneuvering onto the side road.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season.
Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud following the Frenchman's criticism.
Henry said Arsenal must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican lawmaker from Fargo, North Dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights.
On Monday, he was outed for using gay hook-up app Grindr.
Boehning claims he was targeted for voting against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy, a new study of global wellbeing has revealed.
The top 10 on the list is dominated by nations from Scandinavia, which are unsurprisingly among the wealthiest on the planet too.
Despite often mocking their northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth respectively.
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
'Shell was just such a gorgeous girl. It's a loss that leaves a hole in your heart that's never filled again. You do these things as a memorial, to carry [her] with you,' said the now 83-year-old.
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo.
Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, they were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage.
Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area.
Then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool.
Noticing that he was in trouble, his brothers ran to the rescue.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne is one of the hottest prospects in European football.
But his agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal has been agreed.
Ludovic Obraniak is currently on loan at Caykur Rizespor from Werder Bremen.
There were fears that the 30-year-old had suffered a heart attack.
Fenerbahce went on to win the game 5-1 to the top of the table.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, died suddenly on Tuesday morning after feeling ill on Monday and it has now emerged she died of meningococcal meningitis.
The bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell.
It is the Loudoun County Health Department's first confirmed case in two years.
Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive.
Speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg, the former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44.
Memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about him when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office.
Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates.
Bates has been out on $25,000 bond and faces four years in prison if convicted.
Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband as part of 'useyourvoice' campaign.
The reality TV star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'
Eloise Parry 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol, or DNP.
After accidentally taking the lethal dose on April 12, she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime - and drove herself to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital.
Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to DNP, which is toxic.
Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday.
It is the work of German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald, who spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes, 16, after he was found hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, Coventry.
The Manchester United fan was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but his mother Tiffany, 35, said he had made a'miracle' recovery.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same number of matches.
United were last above City after an equal amount of games on November 23, 2013.
City lost 2-1 at Crystal Palace on Monday night and now trail United by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby.
Ashley Graham, 27, has been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14.
AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave.
The 40-year-old rider has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday.
McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after Sunday's Sandown farewell.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start shift with Welsh Ambulance Service.
Was caught doing 105mph in 60mph zone on powerful Suzuki motorbike.
Pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding.
Then began weaving web of lies after asking judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm.
She immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday.
Mutombo was an eight-times NBA All-Star who was famous for swatting away opponents' shots and wagging his finger at them.
The Congolese centre led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini.
Guardiola saw his Bayern Munich side lose 3-1 against Porto on Wednesday.
The Spaniard is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with City's executive pair Ferran Soriano and Txiki Begiristain.
City's Abu Dhabi owners famously crave Champions League progression.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
He won 63 Test caps between 1952 and 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin and scoring 2,201 runs at 24.
Benaud was Australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna.
Their journey to Argeles-sur-Mer on France’s Mediterranean coast went without a hitch, despite being in the minority of travellers flying.
But the fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna, after arriving in a tired and tetchy state.
Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status.
But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit of two years.
Estate agents say it has already had a negative impact on London property market.
Ed Mead, executive director of Douglas & Gordon, says he fears for top end.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online.
Owner Kevin O'Connor told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant's doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled.
A contributor from Glenn Beck's The Blaze set up a fundraising page on GoFundMe for the pizzeria, with a goal of helping 'the family stave off the burdensome cost'
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
Bale appeared to injure his left foot during a training session on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday evening to take on ninth-placed Rayo.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones.
Here are Will Corby's picks for the best puddings and pastries to accompany your cup of java.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past.
The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBC’s Andrew Marr Show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin.
The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Sterling will not be sold this summer.
The Gunners believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal.
But when push comes to shove, can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction?
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock.
Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
City analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang.
Despite the high price and some skepticism that consumers are keen to adopt a new generation of wearable technology, pre-orders have far exceeded expectations.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction.
Cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy.
Clegg set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and £3 billion cut from welfare.
But he mocked George Osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from the welfare budget.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season.
The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season.
Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize.
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors.
While products such as this already exist, founder Elon Musk thinks they'suck', according to Tesla's investor relations director, Jeff Evanson.
The event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, Design Studio on April 30 at 8pm PT.
The £260,000 Ford GT was unveiled in Milan's Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday.
The light installation was placed in the heart of the city as first models are shipped to China.
Bosses say they have been 'pleased' with the reaction to the car.
Jeffrey Klein said a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Percio Hot'
The Democratic state senator said'mistakes like this happen'
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of.
The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20.
But the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors.
With an amusement park, campsite and driving range, the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors.
The A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms at the mansion.
Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust from the construction.
But council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions.
House will include rooms for hairdressing, manicures and make-up.
Burnley striker Danny Ings has struggled for goals in recent weeks.
The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets.
Sean Dyche has urged Ings to play with a smile and the goals will flow.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Both boxers made public appearances on Tuesday as their $300million showdown draws closer.
Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell looks ahead to the rest of the week.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water.
The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up. The teen died at the hospital several hours later.
Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday.
The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Pacquiao was on the call from Los Angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in Las Vegas next week for the May 2 fight.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, remain in critical condition.
US Justice Department has opened a criminal investigation.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom on January 2.
The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government's efforts to ensure the security of the White House, Capitol and other critical buildings in Washington.
Hughes was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. The crimes carry penalties of up to four years in prison and fines.
Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed outside a pizza shop on Sunday night.
Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop.
A 20-year-old man, who police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia as Bradley James Brooks, was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani.
A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder.
Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, has also been arrested.
The father of six was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on April 7.
The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien’s fantasy books.
At 1,000 square feet, the guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house.
The tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors.
Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou.
There is nothing in Greg Dyke’s proposals to stop Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Santi Cazorla playing for Arsenal.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
Neuroscientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'
The spooky experiment has proved once and for all that it's only our mind playing tricks.
The invisible, creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain, the researchers say.
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.
They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person.
The first mobile phone batteries were bulky, heavy and made with nickel cadium.
They also lost battery life over time if they were not run down fully between charges, known as the ‘memory effect’
Sir James Dyson, inventor of Dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3.
In ancient times Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men.
In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism.
Professor Edith Hall from King's College London tells the programme: 'Lesbos had a very particular reputation for producing very beautiful women'
Jack Grealish has become the third Premier League star to be accused of getting high on 'hippy crack'
The 19-year-old has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide.
Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma.
Dugan and Ojo were each charged with five counts of child sexual abuse.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice.
Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'
However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
The Face Unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of Android 4.0, also known as Ice Cream Sandwich.
ISIS entered Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side.
Militants reportedly entered the camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front.
The Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
U.N. aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp, where thousands of civilians remain trapped and in desperate need of food and medicine.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi after ISIS intensified their offensive.
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province, despite the best efforts of the Iraqi army and arriving Shiite paramilitary reinforcements.
The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever.
Starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from Marks & Spencer's, Debenhams and Laura Ashley.
This year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year.
England face Fiji in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18.
Farrell says Stuart Lancaster has some tough decisions to make in terms of selection.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets.
He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
All-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit wrongdoing.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa.
The former Tottenham boss is keen on youth development and watched on-loan Gary Gardner score a brilliant free-kick.
Fabian Delph is arguably Villa's most important player and he's become a real leader under Sherwood.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes into Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke.
The striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks.
Costa is expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend.
She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots.
Her father, Prince Andrew, whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter, who currently lives in Manhattan.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch.
Delph put in an all-action display and ran the game for Aston Villa.
Grealish is quick but has a languid style, like Steve McManaman.
Leicester are the form team down there right now.
They have scored 10 in their last four, including three at Tottenham in a game they were unlucky to lose 4-3.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey.
He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York.
Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search.
After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool's players are not thinking too far ahead.
Sainsbury’s app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year.
As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices.
These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale.
It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store to get all of the items they need, and will highlight any that are out of stock where appropriate.
The app is an extension of Sainsbury's current Scan-and-Go scheme, which lets customers scan items on their phone as they journey around the store
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan.
The Catholic was killed by loyalists in Northern Ireland in 1973.
It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over Troubles.
Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named.
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby.
In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala.
Leighton Baines is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' Alex Turner.
Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees' dressing room.
The Everton defender is not a fan of Meghan Trainor's song 'All About The Bass'
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on April 15.
Neymar feels his team's tie will be a real footballing'spectacle'
The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16.
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, Jr.
On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son.
When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name.
But when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him over and saw blood on
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn, West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after twins.
The mother-of-two had posted the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence.
But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence'
Instagram has admitted incident was 'technical mistake' and has re-instated account.
The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night and will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia.
According to one US pastor, the event was predicted in the Bible and hints at an imminent world-changing event.
But Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.
Richie Benaud was diagnosed with skin cancer and began treatment last year.
The 84-year-old told the Nine Network about growing up in Australia in the 1930s and 40s.
Benaud said 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but used the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads.
He had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Lacey McCarty, six-year-old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty.
McCarty was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Swist had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball.
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
The 34-year-old denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court.
Former non-league player Moses Swaibu, 25, also denies the charges.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
Aldi now lags behind Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Co-operative.
Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition.
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer.
Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the Montenegro forward.
But City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Danny Ings is set to leave Burnley at the end of the season.
Mario Balotelli and Rickie Lambert appear set to depart the club.
James Milner is also a target for Arsenal and Everton.
Arsenal, Everton, Roma and Inter Milan have also spoken to his representative about a summer deal.
Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold with Memphis Depay.
The Holland international scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season.
Brendan Rodgers is hoping Depay will choose Liverpool as his next destination.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence.
He embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with; voluntarily signing up for a system that did, and in many ways still does, oppress them.
Of 50 Dartmouth College students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans – a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here.
Stacey Benton, a government major from Florida who leans Republican, said a President Hillary Clinton is 'just going to continue a lot of things Obama has been doing'
Radiance pads promise not only to remove eyeliner and mascara, but also to retexturise and brighten skin and, in some cases, even do away with fine lines and age spots.
Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game-changers.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days'
The 28-year-old Londoner poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses.
Harington, who plays Jon Snow, said Belfast has a 'great, depressing' tourism board.
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as'swindlers' from the world's benchmark Spanish dictionary.
The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry.
Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies, also known as Roma.
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free.
The latest results were based on results from May 20, 2014.
Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota.
Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.
Jessica Knight has an unusual appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings.
Doctors say they are unable to treat the four-year-old.
Other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement.
Ancient papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover.
It recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne together and possibly wearing it around the neck.
While the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol, it is not known if it had any effect.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs when quake struck.
But he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him.
Mother Rasmila Awal told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy' that Sonit is alive.
Robert Durst, 71, entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend.
Savage swan Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river.
Mr Asbo was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag.
He is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather, and his father Asboy, who conducted a reign of terror on the river last summer.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in.
Rangers still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts, including Sunday's match at Ibrox, while the Leith side take on their city rivals just once more.
Tim Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Sherwood replied to letter from six-year-old Charlie Pye.
Pye applied for the role when Paul Lambert was sacked in February.
Female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language.
The robot will be set up at the Mitsukoshi department store in Nihonbashi, Tokyo, on Monday and Tuesday.
It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events.
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director.
All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich showed off his wristband at the developers forum in China.
He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans.
The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button.
Intel also showed off an experimental dress crowned at the collar with robotic spider legs.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London, the leading British centre for treatment of child cancers.
They are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy.
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry.
Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am.
It is fifth death of cyclist in capital this year - all involving lorries.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures.
On July 31 Nike will see their agreement with the club expire.
Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed, blaming the US sportswear giants for the issue.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen.
The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort.
Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the Bogan Shire Council in western New South Wales.
The 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox.
Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve for the past four years.
The cheeky African elephant has subverted the resort's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180.
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood, played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey.
The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two-year old daughter Story.
The family said it will leave the fort, which includes a slide and trampoline, up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before a fine.
City officials said that 'waste material or junk' in a front yard violates ordinance's 'designed to protect property values, citizens' rights, neighborhood aesthetics and public safety'
The Football League Awards celebrate the 10th anniversary of the awards.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in the lower leagues.
There are seven current Barclays Premier League players, three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the German Cup semi-finals.
Sebastian Kehl scored a stunning long-distance volley in the 107th minute.
Earlier, Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Dortmund played without central defender Mats Hummels and forward Marco Reus, both injured, but took the lead in the 19th through defender Neven Subotic.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba.
Pogba and his representatives are understood to have met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday.
Edinson Cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on Wednesday as he discusses his options.
Sevilla are weighing up a return for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas.
Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award.
Vunipola starred for Mark McCall's side throughout the pool stages and was named man-of-the-match following his side's 33-10 demolition of Munster in round five.
Armitage has made the most turnovers (19) during this season's tournament.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University in London and Ohio State University studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries.
They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
The researchers said they were surprised by the results, believing that the twins’ shared environment would be a larger factor than genetics.
The New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto.
And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image, shown, revealing the dwarf planet (the bigger blob) and its moon Charon.
The blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come.
As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity’s first ever visit to Pluto.
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits.
With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years.
Mother-of-three has been left with 'luminous' jaundiced skin and can barely speak.
The damage to her health is severe. She can barely manage to speak as she struggles for breath.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014.
Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a 'destitute burial'
A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
The couple have asked anyone still wishing to donate to instead give money to the Royal Women's Hospital.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered two fractures to his legs and a broken leg.
He was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened.
Bazarov made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane, but the truck, which was carrying flour, sounded its horn and flashed by.
The truck driver braked heavily as Bazorov tumbled along the tarmac where he suffered fractrues.
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream.
Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes.
But now the weather is heating up, damaging UVA and UVB rays will be stronger.
Sir Curtly Ambrose has defended the England cricket team's involvement with Allen Stanford.
Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography Time to Talk on the eve of the West Indies-England series.
Stanford's five-year deal with England ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence, just one $20million T20 game into the contract.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried.
Days later, she showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm.
Now, Theia is recovering with the help of good Samaritans and veterinarians at Washington State University.
Eight of United's first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including Ashley Young, Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner as well as Frank Lampard.
Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at Old Trafford.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters.
From a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
The Lemays decided to let their son assume the identity of a boy.
Scientists have found a system of priming the body’s immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours.
Early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice.
Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent.
Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining.
Almost half (46%) of Brits cited that this causes anxiety.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project.
The 41-year-old was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine.
He made 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from Parma.
A 75-year-old man has been bitten by a crocodile at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland.
The man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball.
He drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him.
Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm.
Officers found a 19-year-old with stab wounds being treated by customers.
Detectives launched a major murder investigation and the Audi was found abandoned.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living.
70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men.
The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households.
Airbnb rentals offer places that cater to interior decor of all tastes.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler for more than a year.
‘Class A’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain.
The bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from December 17 2013 until April 1 2015.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour'
Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
Staff at a hospital in Staffordshire expected to work 78 hours a week.
Jane Smith told colleagues: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and puts other staff at risk'
More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes.
General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments.
Karim Benzema limped out of training with a knee problem on Tuesday.
Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed the Frenchman will miss Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga on Saturday.
Benzema picked up the injury in Tuesday's 0-0 Champions League quarter-final first leg draw at Atletico Madrid.
The Duke-led study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
It says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors.
They claim these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations.
If not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour.
Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout.
Jim Murphy and Douglas Alexander are among those on course to lose their seats.
Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey believes that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms.
Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue.
John Barnes’ view that black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked was backed up by Ramsey.
Agnieszka Radwanska lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to Sara Errani in Stuttgart.
The Polish seventh seed is the latest top seed to exit the Porsche Grand Prix.
Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas, who beat Sabine Lisicki.
Nina Moric appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco.
Italian media claimed Ms Moric tried to take her own life over the weekend.
Ms Moric told her fans that she was'shocked' by the suicide claims.
The Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system.
The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
Manuel Garza Jr. was given the death sentence after killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001.
He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital.
By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Bianca Rinehart, along with her brother John Hancock, lodged a Federal Court to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting.
The siblings want to access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
They are also disputing ownership of assets and shares the family's mining companies.
Carey Mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
Her grandmother Margaret Booth, a former teacher, suffers with the illness.
The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother developed problems.
Miss Mulligan, a patron of the Alzheimer's Society, said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Chelsea are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
Muto would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
The 22-year-old has scored three goals in four games so far this season.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London, the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011.
At the party in March, where Kate, 33, wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes, the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Gordon, who owns Naples Luxury Travel Advisors in Naples, said: 'I asked her if Prince George was excited about the new Prince or Princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler and is talking
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday.
The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide.
He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed.
New poster campaign shows Nicola Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader.
Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: 'The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP'
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading Test wicket-taker in Antigua on Friday.
The fast bowler took 384th wicket to overtake Sir Ian Botham.
Botham's record had been equalled earlier in the day when Anderson had Marlon Samuel caught in the gully by James Treadwell.
Anderson's parents Michael and Catherine, wife Daniella and daughters Lola and Ruby were also in attendance.
Lindsay Jo Rimer went missing from Hebden Bridge in 1994.
Her body was found in a canal five months later weighed down with a rock.
The teenager's sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find Lindsay Jo's killer.
She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back in Zion, Illinois, on Saturday.
Police say that Howell had just stolen a gun from Tramond Peet, 18.
He told officers that Howell was trying to sell the weapon to him.
But the gun went off and Howell allegedly pointed it at another teenager.
The officer who shot Howell is now on administrative leave.
Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking.
In his lecture he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife.
Virgin Australia will now serve complimentary food on all its domestic flights.
The food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
It will complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old TV presenter from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed Twin Strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
They were soon inundated with submissions from all over the world.
Incredibly, Niamh found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road.
Bayern Munich face Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday.
The two sides met in the 2013 Champions League final at Wembley.
Der Klassiker was one of the highlights on the European football calendar.
A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield.
Potted camellias won't last as long as those in the ground.
The choice is vast, with 250 wild species and hundreds more garden varieties.
You can see them in flower, select your favourites and enjoy this year's display.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders at the Shell Houston Open.
The 27-year-old has only played a handful of events on the Web.com Tour.
But he has entered qualifying for the Houston event.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool.
The vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current deal.
Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal at Anfield.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights.
Strike by France's biggest air traffic controllers' union SNCTA will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on Friday.
Christopher Flowers, 84, dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt on March 9.
He immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from top.
But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much.
As flames surrounded his head, three Good Samaritans pulled over to help.
At first, using their hands, then by hurling the man into a snow bank.
Flowers, of Chili, was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, Rochester.
On Sunday, hospital officals announced he had died.
Last month, Flowers's wife, Flora, spoke of her wish
Bricks fell nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland on Monday afternoon crushing a car below.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m.
The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported.
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions.
They say it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
Global temperatures were the highest since records began in 1880, according to scientists.
Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages.
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test against the West Indies on Monday.
He needs just three wickets to equal Ian Botham's England-record 383.
Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley, Lancashire and England.
Dental kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops.
They are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps.
But more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a NHS dentist is as much as £52.
On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda, in northern Italy, lies a luxury villa with a view.
Inside, the modern home, complete with pool, gazebo, and al fresco dining options, can be yours.
In Umbria, a stately Italian villa, which was built around a 15th century watch tower, is currently on the market for £8.6 million.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims.
Results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour Party and its policies.
The boast comes just 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labour's budget.
Mr McClusskey urges his members to ‘take back our country’ and ‘restore decency, dignity and justice’
Sweet Cakes by Melissa faces a $135,000 fine after being found guilty of discriminating against Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel.
The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
Video was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers.
Footage shows two jumpers linking arms as they free fall from the plane at 10,000 feet.
At that moment, the GoPro camera from one diver's helmet becomes detached and falls to the ground.
Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Georgina Bartter died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year.
Her best friend Rebecca Hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death.
Police allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti, 19, who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8.
Ms Hannibal will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals for Rangers so far this season.
The 22-year-old could find himself leaving St James' Park in the summer.
Vuckic was deemed surplus to requirements to be shipped out.
Nurhayada Sofia disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors.
She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries.
Incident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan.
It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed.
The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view.
A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly'
The Queen was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today.
The monarch posed for a photograph with The Calgary Highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts - while Prince Philip sat for a portrait with The Royal Hamilton Light Infantry.
Today's event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief.
Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday.
She was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal.
Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries.
Three other horses in the same field were shaved in places in the overnight attack and another had a small wound to its head.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was trying to reduce the fracture.
Patient A had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident.
But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed which displaced his cheekbone.
Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic.
He claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face and denied any wrongdoing.
Oskar Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
The former SS sergeant, 93, was on duty between May 16 and July 11, 1944 when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported to Auschwitz.
He testified Wednesday that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains.
Groening told the court on Tuesday that he is'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday.
Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded.
Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil.
France was second, followed by the US, Canada and the UK.
A business called Edward’s Snow Den has appeared in the US President's HQ.
It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia.
But for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm.
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe.
The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets.
When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries, ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend.
Schumacher Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team.
The 16-year-old finished second in the world, European and German kart championships last season.
He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race.
Le'Veon Bell will appeal the NFL's decision to ban him for the first three games of the season.
Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
LeGarrette Blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht.
Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen scouts were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash.
Moeen Ali hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
The off-spinning all-rounder was not available when selectors chose the Caribbean squad.
England left open the possibility of Moeen joining up later in the month-long trip.
Steve and Sarah Nick 'built up huge arsenal' after it was claimed they stole $50,000.
Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia.
Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, after concerns were raised by adult protective services in August last year.
As family infighting continues, Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday.
The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Fay Purdham, 27, and Christopher Dodd, 24, grew up together as boys.
Pair were inseparable as children and spent endless hours playing football.
But as a young girl she realised she was gay and came out to her family.
When they reunited at 21st birthday party he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
The pair now live together and are planning their dream wedding.
Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show - giving contestant Andrea the prize.
The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing.
After the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47.
Her dismembered body was found at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales, on Friday.
May, wearing a grey jumper and glasses, was remanded in custody.
He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour.
The 32-year-old posted a mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook.
He was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar’s Burmese owner and another manager, despite apologising profusely for posting the picture.
MPs and human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the Foreign Office.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory.
Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek.
The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a Daly River community.
Gang posing as wealthy Italians built flat-pack wooden cabinet.
They planned to put real cash in briefcase and show it to a jeweller.
Then, while a price was agreed, man in cabinet would switch case for counterfeit notes.
Gang would then walk off with their money and stolen jewellery.
Three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on hotel.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour.
The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione.
He has developed what he claims is the ‘smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made’
Nicola Sturgeon hailed shock winner of last night’s TV debate according to one snap poll.
Labour battling to fend off an SNP landslide in its traditional Scottish heartlands.
Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage on average of four polls.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her.
Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition demanding the metal studs be removed.
McDonald's say they were installed to stop anti-social behaviour, not homeless.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans.
Ann Price, the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger, has passed away at the age of 72.
She was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta.
Back in 2007, the Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 to reach the third round.
David Ferrer and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also through.
Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer in third round on Wednesday.
The man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol.
Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway.
Seven baby foxes were discovered abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park.
They weighed around six ounces each when taken in by the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center in Pennsylvania.
Once they have grown and gained strength they will be released back into the wild.
Charity Bite-Back claims one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup.
The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of shark fin into the country.
It is believed that some restaurants are disguising the soup as 'fish fin soup'
The Royal China Club, in central London, was raided by inspectors.
Tim Sherwood wants to sign Massimo Luongo from Aston Villa.
The 22-year-old was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January.
Luongo joined Spurs as a youngster and moved to Swindon as part of a relationship between the two clubs.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson and Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, all face felony conspiracy charges.
The GoFundMe page, which has now been removed, is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the Clawson family.
When shared by KESQ, the page, entitled 'Sofia's Medical and Family Expenses', had raised just $195 but was asking for $3,000.
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth.
Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife and their two sons, aged six and 10, before turning the gun on himself.
The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men.
They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast.
It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing.
The total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros.
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
The 44-year-old said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'
Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by Ellanora Baidoo's husband.
The images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away.
They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties.
Images were revealed as part of the first colour map of Ceres, showing variations in surface materials and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor.
Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester.
Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department.
The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
Residents of Ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the streets of the town.
Zeus assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrests and also helped officers track down 50 missing or wanted individuals.
Dr Christopher Valentine was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago.
He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent.
His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics.
Daniel Sturridge was left out of Liverpool's game against Newcastle United.
Sturridge picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle.
It is the first time the pair have been spotted at public engagement for several months; they are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
AJ Francis, 24, plans to work for Uber during the NFL's off-season.
The Miami Dolphins defensive tackle is a regular user of the taxi app.
Francis, who played his college ball at Maryland, is set to make $510,000 next season.
He said: 'I've been using the app for two years and every driver I talk to says it really helps supplement their income'
An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said Thursday.
Officials say the noose was found about 2am Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building.
The noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
Commentator Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats, which was a key election plank.
But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers and social justice groups.
She claimed Australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' was the way forward.
'Make no mistake, these migrants are like cockroaches,' she wrote.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being keen walker.
Bedford Borough Council staff read an article recounting his exploits.
The 'experienced walker' had been attacked by cows in Cumbria in 2012.
He pleaded guilty to dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities at Luton Magistrates' Court.
New York City's Landmarks Law was signed on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978.
Landmarks Preservation Commission was given mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance.
Owners of properties given designation must get permits from the commission before making restorations, alterations or additions.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their York home with wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys.
Some of the touching items were from the graves of babies, while others from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer.
The couple admitted handling stolen goods at York Magistrates' Court and were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries indefinitely.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in UEFA Youth Team League final.
Goals from Dominic Solanke and Ruben Loftus-Cheek secured victory.
Chelsea will play Manchester City in their fifth final in six seasons.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Troy Deeney won the Championship's Player of the Month award for March.
The Watford skipper has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season.
Deeney believes he can follow in the footsteps of Charlie Austin and Danny Ings.
Watford travel to Millwall in the Premier League on Saturday.
Lawyers have warned that controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic.
The Alex Gibney-directed film, which alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters, was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month.
But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes.
The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic meet Bas van Velzen at Melwood.
Van Velzen has become a YouTube sensation by uploading videos of his free-kick exploits.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother Mansour.
The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm)
Enner Valencia available for Hammers following toe injury.
James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise.
The north London club did not rule out the possibility this week.
Spurs' new state-of-the-art stadium is due to be ready in time for the 2018-19 season.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date.
Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland.
Claimed it was born, reared and slaughtered in the UK.
But it turned out to be imported from the other side of the world.
Hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call.
While most of its body is a brilliant lime green, like all species of glass frogs, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible.
Scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century, and reported their find in the journal Zootaxa.
Cesc Fabregas wore a protective face mask during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR.
The Spaniard broke his nose last week after taking a hit to the face.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship.
The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
Michelle Woods was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving'
When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
The four-foot red and orange corn snake may belong to the property's previous tenant.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat.
Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern, the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.
Iker Casillas gave a young fan his Real Madrid shirt at half-time.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five and Karim Benzema netted a brace.
The young fan looked delighted to have been handed Casillas' No 1 shirt.
The man, who has not been named, turned a gun on himself around 2:15pm Friday.
He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time, according to reports.
The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department say they arrived at the scene to find the man dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
The severe weather in Missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near Augusta west of St. Louis.
Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act.
From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy.
Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Kevin Gameiro saved Sevilla goalkeeper's blushes with a late equaliser.
Sevilla had looked to have cost their progress, with the game heading towards extra time.
Bacca had put them in complete control of the tie early on, before Gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining.
It was a pulsating finish to a game that had started promisingly.
Karlie, 22, is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School in New York for the two-week coding course, which costs $2,000 per student.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona.
The former Manchester United striker was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Cantona said Pastore can do things that the other ones don't know.
But statistics did not colour Cantona’s assessment.
Kim, Kanye and North arrived early on Monday in Jerusalem for North's baptism.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit.
Claimed she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner.
She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 over two years.
Her grandfather Tommy Docherty, 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Richie Benaud, one of cricket's great personalities, has died at the age of 84.
Benaud spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight, authority and wit.
Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Kyle Walker picked up a foot injury against Burnley earlier this month.
Tottenham confirmed that Walker faces another month out of action.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot.
Walker has been given a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused.
The Keukenhof Gardens in the Dutch city of Lisse is home to seven million blooms.
The Kenrouken in Kanazawa, Japan, is known for its breathtaking cherry blossom blooms each year.
In the Extremadura region of Spain, the rolling plains of Caceres are never more beautiful than when in full springtime bloom.
Pippa, 31, walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years Nico Jackson, 36.
The pair had been enjoying a romantic supper at upmarket restaurant Margaux.
Kentucky Wildcats defeated the University of Wisconsin Badgers 71-64 in Saturday night's semi-final game.
The Badgers will now face Duke in Monday's final - the school's first final since 1941.
Police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct.
One man climbed a flag pole to chant 'USA! USA!'
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday.
The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter.
At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
Unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland.
Event Travel declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the private jet, which will fly from Glasgow to London.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing.
He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras.
Jordan's family said he sailed out of a marina in Conway, South Carolina, on January 23, and hadn't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull on Thursday morning.
Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for his handball against Monaco.
Juventus defender slipped onto the turf after slipping on the turf.
The 30-year-old centre-half clawed the ball out of the way of Monaco danger man Joao Moutinho.
Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round of the Barcelona Open on Tuesday.
The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards - seventh seed Roberto Bautista-Agut and Tommy Robredo.
Eight-time champion Rafael Nadal's first match of the tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro.
Veteran CBS News 'Face the Nation' moderator Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer.
It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Catherine Grove, 28, went missing in July 2013 after abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
She returned to the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas, on her own earlier this month, only to return six days later.
Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe she was being brainwashed by the'religious cult'
Over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking, but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing.
Grave has now announced in a YouTube video that she will marry a church elder.
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people.
Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate, strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to 'institutional accounts' such as hospitals in 23 states.
Jenson Button believes McLaren have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia.
Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
While travelling the world can cost a lot of money, there are some ways to do it for free, or at leas ton a very tight budget.
House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation.
Laura Cody, 23, and Tanbay Theune, 26, have been criss-crossing the globe after leaving Birmingham in July 2013.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital.
A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery.
The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Novak Djokovic defeated Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday.
The Serbian world No 1 has lost his last seven matches to the Scot.
Djokovic is now sixth in the all-time list with Rafael Nadal.
Vincent Kompany was substituted in Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United.
The midfielder could have been sent off for a challenge on Daley Blind.
Manuel Pellegrini claims he does not feel under pressure at the Etihad.
Sq Ldr Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940.
But he survived and persuaded a ship to take him back to England.
Ten minutes later his mother Mabel Joll received a telegram telling her son was missing.
He had been involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft on May 10, 1940.
Emmanuel Adebayor travelled to training earlier this year in a Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe.
The striker has spent a large chunk of the season on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham.
He has scored just twice since his last start in the Premier League on November 2.
Survey finds Scotland is the most popular place in the UK to tie the knot.
A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside the country.
Tourism industry brought in £80 million last year in the region.
The council area of Dumfries and Galloway is the second most popular.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January.
The father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith'
Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police.
Worthen was arrested at the school on Friday afternoon
Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, ‘on business’
Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar as a pet for about two years.
They were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off.
A state Department of Natural Resources officer showed up at the couple's door and said he was responsible for the pig's death.
He said he 'felt threatened' so shot Caesar, believing the animal was feral.
The family are now trying to get Caesar's body in order to bury him, but have been told they can only take possession of his ashes.
Actress Patsy Kensit said the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'
The 47-year-old made the comments in an interview with Stylist magazine.
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home.
McCollom resigned from the chief's job in March.
Investigators found no evidence he intended to harm Margaret but concluded the shooting could have been prevented.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India, documented at 6ft (1.8m)
Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) - more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player.
Didier Drogba played his part in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Saturday night.
Drogba's charity ball raised a staggering £400,000 for his Foundation.
Chelsea star was delighted with how the evening panned out, as his team-mates and celebrities helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in Abidjan.
Project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of Help to Buy scheme.
Project doubles number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000.
The white female student was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina.
Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking - but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s'
She was a member of the campus's Kappa Delta Chapter sorority until last year.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' in January 2014.
Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA.
The Newcastle manager has taken steps to change his behaviour.
Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter final.
Carl Hayman admitted Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to win the title.
The Cote d'Azur outfit will host Leinster at Marseille's Stade Velodrome on April 19.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Harry Redknapp says Sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet.
The former QPR boss insists Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid at this stage of his career.
Redknapp made the comments while working as a pundit for BT Sport.
Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey.
Chris, 20, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart.
The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville.
The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean in recent weeks.
Neville believes City chiefs are not entertaining the idea of taking over at the Etihad Stadium.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham.
Sherwood and Ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at Spurs and helping them break into the first team.
The bond between the two remains strong even if Sherwood is blocking Ramsey's mobile phone calls temporarily.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball.
Defoe and his Sunderland team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match.
The England striker scored a sublime volley as Sunderland defeated rivals Newcastle 1-0 earlier this month.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography, visit strip clubs or tattoo shops, and to take vacation cruises.
Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from Democrats.
Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy.
Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with support of SNP.
But Mr Miliband rejected claims SNP would be 'calling shots' if Labour did not have majority.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen.
At a recent game, the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills.
Sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by Herman Tilke.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix.
Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images through the Sakhir archives.
Robyn Exton is the founder of Dattch (HER) a lesbian dating app.
The 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s.
She struggled to find a girlfriend so decided to create her own app.
David Cameron claimed to be a West Ham supporter during a speech.
The Conservative Party leader had a bout of 'brain fade' after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up.
Cameron attended his first match at Villa Park as a 13-year-old.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to the same private school.
Mr Osborne went to St Paul's School for boys in the 1980s, where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year.
Ms Harman has repeatedly accused the Tories of being 'completely out of touch'
London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands.
He told Boris Johnson: 'If in doubt, wedge it in'
After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors, the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint.
When they tried to put the puzzle back together, they hit trouble.
Marc Benioff, the CEO of Salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill, calling it 'brutal' and 'unjust'
He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state.
ISIS thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Hatra, Iraq.
They are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars.
The video comes in the wake of a major blow for ISIS, with Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit falling into the hands of the Iraqi government.
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover.
Kramer claims that the motive for murder was not Booth's anger over the Civil War but was his unrequited love for the former president.
The Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year.
Activists protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries', according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week.
The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer, Darren Wilson, who shot Brown.
Superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost £400,000 a week to charter.
One owner threw a party with two live Siberian tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville.
The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states.
McShane said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work, and that he was grateful his wife moved up with him to keep him company.
He recalled the 2010 Birdsville Races, which saw torrential rains trap 5000 people inside the small town, stretching resources paper thin.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1.
The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
His mother Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin.
Doctors thought that the young boy would not make it, but after spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January.
Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Sunday.
Ancelotti has just three wins in 12 games against Atletico Madrid.
He has been beaten twice by his team in the league this season, losing one and drawing one in the domestic competition last season.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup win over Bradford City last month.
Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards.
He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
The order would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches.
Amanda Goff is a former journalist who works as a high-class escort.
The 40-year-old said she received 'a torrent of abuse' when she revealed her double life on national television.
In her new book, Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort, the mother-of-two said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the 'life of misery' her children were expected to endure.
Bristol City beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale on Tuesday night.
Steve Cotterill's side moved seven points clear at the top of the Championship.
Aaron Wilbraham opened the scoring in the 63rd minute.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5million in 2013.
The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award this term.
Coutinho made his Inter Milan debut at 18, but was underused at the San Siro.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the mountain forests of Medog in south-east Tibet.
It has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area.
The macaque earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Ruth Davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes.
She has been one of the country’s biggest gainers from the private property boom.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus put up seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week.
He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street.
Plastic Jesus says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880.
They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement.
Current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night.
The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram.
Weinstein, 63, was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and denied allegations.
Jack Wilshere met Brazil legend Pele during the launch of 10Ten Talent.
Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour' to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients of the company.
Pele has bemoaned Brazil's performance at last summer's World Cup and said it was 'a disaster'
Chelsea held Arsenal to a 0-0 draw at the Emirates on Sunday.
John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display.
Jose Mourinho hails Terry as the captain's best under him.
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Oświęcim, Poland, has 250,000 visitors so far this year.
Visitors are urged to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry.
In 2014, 1,534 000 people visited Auschwitz, the highest number in one year.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday.
Hundreds gathered on Sunday morning to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be.
More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up.
Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from The Netherlands over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder.
Michael Rule, 51, accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule, and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on April 30.
Ann Rule is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy.
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils.
The NASUWT union said indiscipline is a'significant problem'
Last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
A deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism.
Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief package from Pakistan.
Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony.
Sean Heslop has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent.
The 47-year-old has been questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust.
A former pupil, who cannot be named for legal reasons, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a London university.
She described herself as a ‘mummy-to-be’ on one social media page.
The England squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game.
A technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Premier League this weekend.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
She admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed.
Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of £20million 'politically-motivated witch hunt' turned against each other.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take Cooper the dog to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy.
But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite.
David de Gea has impressed for Manchester United this season.
The Spanish keeper has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid.
United have been linked with their own big-money moves for Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in new American show The Gilded Age.
It will be set among high society families of New York in the late 19th Century.
Violet will be seen as her far younger self, with events taking place decades before the first series of Downton Abbey.
Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year due to injuries.
British cyclist is hoping to get back on to the track in Rio 2016.
James supported boyfriend George North during Wales' Six Nations campaign.
María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night.
Carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child.
San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday.
Kawhi Leonard scored a play-off career high 32 points for the Spurs.
Clippers took a 2-1 lead in the first-round series but must now come from behind.
Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in all-Texan series.
Game 4 takes place on Sunday at the AT&T Center in Texas.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool.
The 24-year-old midfielder could take over the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves for the Los Angeles Galaxy at the end of the season.
Henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign Fulham's Clint Dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he did not have the powers to ban the pictures.
But he urged movie starts to resist the temptation at this year's festival.
Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender among 17 films competing for prizes.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed.
FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal.
The Croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders, even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow.
Paul Scholes claims the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him.
The five-day-old hippopotamus strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival.
The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the air before being dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a four-way smash with Bruce Jenner.
Mr Jenner's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended Mrs Howe's white Lexus.
The car was pushed into oncoming traffic, and collided with a Hummer.
Ms Howe's stepchildren are said to have 'lawyered up' because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit.
Lawyers have previously warned 'the sky's the limit' if it came to a court case.
The BBC is to air a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5 as part of the BBC Four Goes Slow series.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families.
President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president'
The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday.
He accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh.
Kamal was also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate.
The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1.
It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Jose Mourinho went into the game without an orthodox striker.
Oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half.
Mourinho was forced into it because he has been deprived of Diego Costa and Loic Remy in recent weeks.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom.
Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television.
Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol.
The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her in his office on March 27.
She claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real.
Manhattan District Attorney concluded a criminal charge against Weinstein is 'not supported'
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton's job description has been abolished as a result of England's dismal World Cup showing.
Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB.
Andrew Strauss is another possible candidate for the role.
Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions.
The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits.
He averages nearly two reviews a day, spending up to an hour on each one.
So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings.
Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Stuttgart.
Romeu goes up against Sportsmail's Martin Keown as the pair predict the scores for the weekend's Premier League and FA Cup matches.
Beatrice Tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to Tories earlier this month.
But last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.
On the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Alistair Brownlee tripped during the run leg of the World Triathlon Series.
The 27-year-old recovered from a fall to win in Cape Town.
Brownlee missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury.
Archael bacteria live in coal beds more than 8,000ft (2,440 metres) below the seabed off the coast of Japan.
This is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in.
Life has been discovered nearly a mile and half underground, raising hopes bacteria might be able to survive deep beneath the surface of other planets.
Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday.
A 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level.
Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson.
Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
Hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City.
Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up'
Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League.
Chelsea travel to Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-finals.
Reading travel to Arsenal in the other semi-final.
Click here to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return.
Pupil Xiao Gao has not spoken a word in five days after drinking water laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank.
Gao is in Year Two at Haidu Number 8 Middle School in south east China.
School officials said after Gao lost his voice the classmate who gave him the water 'became very afraid' and told teachers it was meant as a joke and that she did not think he would drink it.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night.
Kuta, junior at Bronx Envision Academy, appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops.
Officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran when they arrived.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started.
AC Milan's starting line-up which defeated Liverpool in 2007 had an average age of 31y 34d.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners.
But they were snatched when the couple weren’t looking – and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court today.
Allegedly sent abusive tweets including death threat to writer Noel Clarke.
Mr Clarke said in 2010 he viewed Deacon as a friend and fell out over work.
Last month the Babylon actor was charged with possession of a machete.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens.
In the show, Luscious Lyon, played by Terence Howard, is trying to determine which of his three sons will succeed him and run his entertainment business.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office and Code Enforcement.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh.
Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
The network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent.
His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended FBI agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago.
Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr has refused to respond to criticism from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach.
Roach has blasted Mayweather Snr calling him a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of the May mega-fight in Las Vegas.
Vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV)
It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus.
When administered it induces an immune response against the virus.
Protein World's billboard campaign advertising diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?'
Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago.
The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans.
More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II.
They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working.
In the case of Raven II, a remote operator users two long and thin arms to perform complex procedures where otherwise their hands might not be capable.
While this experiment was performed in a controlled environment and not on the operating table, the researchers said it is clear more stringent security measures are needed.
Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea.
Spanish midfielder broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City.
Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday to have the mask fitted.
The 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at Stamford Bridge.
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood.
She now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out.
'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep'
Steven Sloan and friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington.
Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region.
Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall in 100 years.
The man paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high as his shoulders.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off.
The steps to Durdle Door on Dorset's Jurassic Coast were washed away in 2012.
Since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff to reach the shore, resorting to sliding down on their backsides.
Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path.
Navinder Sarao was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents, despite allegedly making £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home.
His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London, giving him a massive commercial advantage.
Sarao was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities, who have accused him of helping to trigger the Wall Street 'Flash Crash' of 2010.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday.
The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach.
Hurst, a former corrections officer, then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
David Cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 spaces at a cost of £350 million.
The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment.
Mr Cameron will argue ‘true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance’
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy.
He warns that current trends mean as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers.
Pope Francis spoke to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square.
He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world.
But stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken.
Pope has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, Gary Cooper, 45, and Neil Munro, 45 were arrested.
They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers.
But despite being told they would not be detained, they were put into prison.
Families of the three men confirmed they had been told they will finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought against them.
Crowd-funding site set up by the men's work colleagues has raised more than £5,000.
The Prime Minister will today warn English voters the SNP's new powers could impact their lives.
He will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' - named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected.
There has been growing resentment in England and Wales at the ‘apartheid’ between those living north and south of the border.
Gareth Blanks was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall.
The 31-year-old was kicked and punched more than 20 times by three men and one woman.
Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover.
An online support group called Support Gareth has attracted over 1,500 likes.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the Lamborghini into a guardrail.
Terry, 35, died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake BueneVista for treatment where he was later declared stable.
Investigators are now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite, clockwise direction of the guardrails.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic.
After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by Michele.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season.
Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer.
Olivier Giroud and Papiss Cisse have had their seasons interrupted by injury and suspension.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana when the pair caught a Bowfin.
The Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
Sound of the fish making impact with the youngster’s face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week.
A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff fears Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his career.
Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in his first red-ball innings since June 2013.
England have won their last three Tests under Alastair Cook.
The FA Cup will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal.
The new deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year.
It comes at a cost for lovers of the 144-year-old competition.
Chad Mendes takes on Ricardo Lamas at the Patriot Center in Fairfax, Virginia.
Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king.
Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly.
The 41-year-old photographer says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way fast enough.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity.
After nearly 15 minutes following the incident, he and his fiancee Katie Heggins decided for him to go to Memorial Hospital for treatment.
A CT scan revealed the metal wire had been shot up his  nostril.
Dr Timothy Haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on Parker's upper lip.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks.
Jarvis, who's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff, admits she did not share Michelle's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore.
The Pacific Coast Highway (Route 1) takes you from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
The scenic route winds through some of California's most beautiful scenery.
From Carmel, you find yourself at the edge of the spectacular area known as Big Sur.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago.
But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from nine-storey block of flats into her apartment.
The pensioner's nightmare began when she noticed a foul smell coming from her bathroom and discovered an unidentifiable brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath.
Ronda Rousey wants to 'find a way' to return to the WWE.
UFC women's bantamweight champion Rousey made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California.
Rousey was a hot with fans at Wrestlemania 31 but her focus for now is on her fight against Bethe Correia.
Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football.
The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year on Sportscene highlights and radio commentaries.
But broadcasters don't show Scottish football out of charity.
They do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand.
The latest research was carried out by scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen and published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
They looked at how big the glaciers were, and how similar they were to glaciers on Earth.
As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it.
If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour, owing to the low atmospheric pressure on Mars.
In total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could ‘cover the entire surface of Mars with 1.1 metres
The Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning – his first public appearance since Saturday.
His political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day.
Labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live TV debates, where he can speak directly to voters.
First ever drawing of The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine is set to fetch £10,000.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts eponymous submarine from 1968 film.
Rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version.
More than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year.
Yellow Submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto Beatles' 10th studio album.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce was furious at fourth official Robert Madley.
The Hammers boss also screamed at the linesman from the sidelines.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, stabbed Ricky James 39 times in November 2013.
He told police he wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween'
During interview, he blamed victim for murder, saying: 'It was his fault. Why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me?'
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for 100million Israeli shekels (£17.1m)
The Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home.
Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs.
Some critics claimed maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child.
But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve.
It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to finish the beverage before its gets too cold.
The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged.
'Child 44', starring Tom Hardy, Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman, was due to premiere in Russia today.
The Hollywood blockbuster tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era.
Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over Nazi Germany.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh for 20 years.
Her published will revealed she had an estate worth nearly £2million.
The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio.
She left instructions for the remainder to be handed over to good causes.
Ms Cowan asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name.
A 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban Seattle Thursday afternoon.
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but Cmdr. Jarod Kasner told The Seattle Times Friday that police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Manchester City have told Jason Denayer they want him to spend next season in the English Championship.
Denayer has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
The 19-year-old had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place.
But last week changed his tune to give Ronny Deila some hope of retaining his services for another season.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the DEA since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked.
The White House declined today to praise her.
Leonhart has been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct.
Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's in Birmingham, created the colossal omelette.
It contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man.
Ally said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on but was pleased with the end result.
More than 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm Saturday until 6am Sunday.
A 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets.
He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
Fantasy Café in Hangzhou is one of the first establishments in China to charge an 'air-purifying fee' on top of normal bills after it installed machines to provide fresher air.
The café manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day.
Didier Drogba was the star of the show for Chelsea at the King Power Stadium.
John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the Leicester box following a Chelsea corner.
Marc Albrighton levelled for Chelsea with a first-half strike after 45 minutes.
But John Terry pulled one back for the hosts 12 minutes from time with a stunning finish.
Ramires scored his third goal with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point.
Drogba's effort flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60mph.
Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury.
The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain against Malaga.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown.
The Rs could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures.
Nick Woodman clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year.
It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index.
Slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's Houston-based chief executive Charif Souki was valued at $281 million.
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid.
It quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery.
Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the Little Baby Face Foundation.
Giuliana Rancic, 40, was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on Monday.
The E! star has written about her relationship with Jerry O'Connell, who she dated from 2003 to 2004.
In her memoir Going Off Script, she details Jerry's flippant attitude towards her break-up with Spice Girls singer Geri Halliwell.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday.
She defied doctors' expectations by playing four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raising money for research.
But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
The Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device.
It moves air through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front.
This creates straight, direct blasts of air and sends 'natural wind'
The Q fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend.
At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions.
The stamp was unveiled Tuesday at an event featuring First Lady Michelle Obama and Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
A quote attributed to Angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the US Postal Service is actually that of another writer.
Aston Villa travel to Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood is confident Villa can secure their survival with five games remaining.
Sherwood replaced Paul Lambert in February when Villa were in the relegation zone.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the clash.
Ligue 1 champions will also have to cope without the injured David Luiz.
Miliband's party has jumped to 35%, up one point from last month.
Tories remain stuck on 33%, according to pollsters Ipsos MORI.
Only a third of the public see Miliband as a 'capable leader'
The spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date.
It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter.
Susan Monica was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span.
She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter'
Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators.
Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces.
The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed'
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio.
Santana is accused of strangling and stabbing the 23-year-old to death and then having sex with her corpse.
He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog.
The cosmetologist killed himself on Easter Sunday, weeks after the March 6 launch of The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim.
They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk – which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life.
UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral.
Whitney Fetters, 28, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana.
The Spanish teacher met the boy at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages, but last year, the messages became sexual.
They allegedly exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts and explicit Snapchat messages.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 in Champions League last-16 clash.
Pep Guardiola wore tight, grey suit with navy pullover, black tie and crisp white shirt.
Other famous faces have fallen foul of suit that is a little on the snug side.
Russell Brand, Dermot O'Leary and Olly Murs among those guilty.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off during the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
The 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Shinn jokingly compared his situation to that of beauty queen Jennifer Hawkins.
Joe Root impressed with the bat on day four of the second Test in Grenada.
The Yorkshire County cricketer was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs.
Root threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion.
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest during AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007.
I can't remember anyone saying that such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match.
What exactly is noteworthy about two men praying on the concourse at Anfield's FA Cup tie with Blackburn Rovers last month?
Why is it that when another group of supporters did the same thing at a West Ham match recently, their actions were met with similar consternation?
The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, YouGov found.
The idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Three most likely to vote Labour were Michelle, June and Andy.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds.
Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm.
When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop.
Detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them.
Terry Richardson is one of the most controversial photographers in the fashion industry.
Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him.
This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician, when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane.
The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane.
Open Garden’s FireChat app has been downloaded more than five million times.
It has been designed to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks.
The egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster.
This lets users send messages to people in close proximity that are in Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct range - up to around 30 feet (9 metres)
It takes advantage of a tool used by Apple for AirDrop, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users.
Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone has been pulling the strings at the La Liga club in terms of transfers.
The secret of their success is often exactly that – a secret.
No club has used third-party ownership lenience in Spain more to its advantage than Atletico Madrid.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty.
The manager of the deli in Brooklyn said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter, and Detective Ian Cyrus grabbing a handful of it.
Mr Abdullah said he realised $2,650 in store rent money was missing.
Juventus host AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a 'boring' match in Turin.
Allegri says Monaco will be a different proposition to Borussia Dortmund.
Frisky tortoise tries to climb on to the back of a female's shell to mate.
But instead of getting lucky, the blundering reptile loses its balance and falls.
Photographer Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo captured the hilarious moment.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married.
Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position.
But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care. Weeks went by and one day, miraculously, Brian spoke. 'I'm trying'
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie are to be moved from the estate to a site nearby.
Presley bought both planes in 1975 and spent at least $300,000 refurbishing them.
They have been at the estate since the mid-1980s, where they have their own entrance.
Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Manchester United.
The Dutchman's record will need to stand comparison with that of Sir Alex Ferguson.
Van Gaal will be hungry to add to that success which came 20 years ago.
He should target Euro success as soon as possible.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him.
The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities.
Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills.
Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000.
Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - even though the team was actually getting its property for free.
The 31-year-old spent the money on camping equipment and a stag holiday to Las Vegas.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the MGM Grand.
Floyd Mayweather posted a video of the Filipino star running on Wednesday.
Pacquiao and Mayweather will slug it out at the beginning of next month.
Steve McClaren has called speculation linking him with Newcastle 'disrespectful'
Derby boss insists his sole focus is to steer Derby to promotion.
McClaren admitted there had been interest in him in January.
John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat.
Chloe Valentine died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012.
Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect.
In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre.
Troops were called in from Nairobi to aid in pre-dawn attack on university.
But soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, local media claims.
Government representatives have defended long response time, comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the U.S analysed answers from 6,100 people.
They found significantly more men than women would kill to save lives.
Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often do nothing.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court today accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'
Six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as 'a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births'
They deny the charges against them, saying the babies were 'a gift'
UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex.
Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' which risked the health of members of the public.
RSPCA considering abandoning policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions'
The animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act.
Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, joint master of Cattistock Hunt.
The stunt was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works.
The group took part in white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking, but it seems that Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in Group F.
The next qualifier for Michael O'Neill's side is against Romania on June 13.
Windsor Park is undergoing major redevelopment and only the West and North stands hold around 4,000 and 6,000 spectators respectively.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title.
Barroso has been elevated to ‘champion in recess’ with Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division.
Abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite.
Motiongate Dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually.
Will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions.
Researchers quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits.
Those who had watched the most films with characters drinking alcohol were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol.
Researchers also found that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six% were classified as adult only.
Cecily Strong hosted the annual White House Correspondents Dinner on Saturday night.
The Saturday Night Live cast member and host poked fun at Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and Republican hopefuls during her 20-minute speech.
One of Strong's best jokes poked at both the president and police brutality, when she said Obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
Laminated document announces the new ISIS nursing school and lists the language entry requirements for would-be nurses.
Students graduating from ISIS' nursing school will be required to spend a full two years working for institutions run by the terrorist organisation after graduating.
Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge.
At some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics.
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted 'Don't you know who I am?'
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG), a rare childhood brain cancer which changed her appearance in December 2013.
In September, doctors gave her the devastating news she wouldn't make it past December - and after years as a standout player, she became an honorary coach.
On Friday, LeBron James posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via Twitter, just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor.
He wrote: 'Dear Lauren Hill, You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc! Your
Ukip has fallen 18 points behind the Tories and seven behind Labour.
Ukip leader admitted he had'made some mistakes' during the campaign.
But insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'
Wigan Athletic appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager on Tuesday.
Caldwell replaces Malky Mackay who was sacked on Monday.
Wigan are eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James, who was suffering from PTSD when he returned from Iraq.
But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher.
Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home.
Celtic beat Dundee 1-0 at Den's Park on Wednesday night.
Gary Mackay-Steven and Jim McAlister scored for the hosts.
Virgil van Dijk scored his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games.
Indian salesman accused of posting 'blasphemous' status on Facebook.
The 41-year-old allegedly posted the derogatory statements after watching a news bulletin about the Iraq war on television last July.
If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City in southern China's Guangdong Province.
Workers had rushed to clear the lake using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a mountain of rotting fish on the shore.
Mr Zhang claims the source of the ammonia may have been fertilizer being used at a nearby farm.
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village on Saturday.
The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.
Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
He will be charged in connection with the murder of Tracey Woodford, 47.
Ms Woodford's body was found with'massive injuries' at a flat in Wales.
She was last seen by her family around 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin.
Her family today paid tribute to the 'kind-hearted' and'selfless' woman.
They said: 'Tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone'
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record.
This was the highest for March in the 1880–2015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F.
Scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere, leading to increased temperatures, melting of polar ice and glaciers, and rising seas.
Players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected for test matches.
Players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons.
Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, who both play for Toulon, as well as flanker George Smith, who also plays in France, would immediately qualify to play at the World Cup.
Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands - Taipa and Coloane.
It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
The highlights for Judith Chalmers were the Ruins of St Paul’s and Senado Square.
Raheem Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal on Saturday.
The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season.
Sterling admitted links to Arsenal were 'quite flattering' in the post-match press conference.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b.
They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere.
And wind speeds are in excess of 620mph (1,000km/h)
The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals.
To measure the wind, the team measured how the sodium lines were ‘blueshifted’ - meaning its light was stretched in such a way to indicate it was coming towards us.
Eric Heath Price, 25, allegedly shot Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, at Alabama doctor's office.
Mrs Price, a nursing student, ran into the surgery screaming 'call the police'
He then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff.
When police fired tear gas into the house, he came outside.
He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head.
Price has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was nursing student.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head.
The former US Open champion carded a final round 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt.
Merritt's three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on Sunday.
Novak Djokovic is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row.
Djokovic defeated Rafael Nadal 6-3, 6-2 to reach the semi-finals.
The world No 1 will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final.
Disneyland has seen a number of changes since its grand opening in 1955.
It is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney.
In 1955, an adult ticket cost a mere $1, with additional charges for attractions.
This cost contrasts strongly with 2015, and tickets are now priced at $99.
Producer Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn Malik's solo music.
He posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single.
The track, entitled I Won't Mind, sent One Direction fans into turmoil.
It also enraged Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson.
Karen Davis flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View.
The 38-year-old was reported by police with disorderly behaviour.
Ms Davis handed herself into police voluntarily.
South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believes it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona.
Found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions.
One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies.
Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.
The 61-year-old has also been charged with preparing and instigating acts of terrorism.
His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of 1970s band Boney M.
Rick Yoes, 57, was jailed this weekend for nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn in Grand Prairie, Texas.
Yoes was shocked when he received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $1,700 and that there was a warrant out for his arrest.
Issues Yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final.
Kerber won six of the last seven games to claim her fourth WTA title.
Keys beat Kerber in three sets to win her only title, at Eastbourne last June.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute.
Darren Bent added a third to add Derby's fourth.
Tom Ince made it 3-0 in the 28th minute.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, already has 13 children.
Her remarkable story will be featured in a TV documentary.
Demetri Nelson, 27, allegedly broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money.
He then told her to give him a ride to a Manning Avenue home.
Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car.
Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Luo Kun Kun was made an outcast in his village and described as a 'ticking time bomb' because he has HIV.
But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help.
The Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children.
Kun Kun contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures to mark its 10th anniversary.
Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days.
Average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London.
The seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759.
Natasha Willard fell ill while studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran, Wales.
The 17-year-old has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain.
She is unable to move her limbs and is barely able to speak.
Her family are trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Dr Mehmet Oz's fellow faculty members at Columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullies the reputation' of the university.
But they also leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the Ivy League school.
The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians.
Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league.
Carlisle manager says football was always his priority after retiring.
The 51-year-old won three England caps but has spent most of the past 13 years in places where TV rights do not sell for billions.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final last weekend.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches.
Rand Paul admitted yesterday that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday.
His woes began with an early morning sparring match on TODAY with Guthrie over perceived flip flops on foreign policy issues.
A disgruntled Paul cut her off and said, 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?'
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home.
He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by.
The seven-year-old was microchipped so staff were able to trace his owner.
Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick forced to retire on medical grounds.
Fitzpatrick had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
The 31-year-old's symptoms were 'progressively slower to resolve'
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, makes more than one dollar per minute from selling her used underwear online.
Her first pair sold for $70.
Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly victims out of cash.
She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground.
Police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside complex after she admitted three counts of burglary at Manchester’s Minshull Street Crown Court.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg.
Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box.
A second person is dead after a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday.
Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people.
Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities.
The six-year-old boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago.
He had to stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health.
Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining.
Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play.
Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford, their opponents on Monday, and Norwich a point further back.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile, Alabama sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip.
Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water.
The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed.
It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Mobile health apps are designed to make it easier for you to get healthy.
But in fact they are ‘fuelling anxiety’ and ‘eroding people’s sense of wellbeing’
‘Untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return.
Pietersen was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara outshone Pietersen, scoring a century.
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you.
Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol.
This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations.
But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile.
The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks.
David Norris, 51, pounced on wife Dionne as she lay flowers at grave.
She begged him to think of their children as he launched vicious attack.
But he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and member of public intervened.
Norris jailed for 20 years at Maidstone Crown Court for attempted murder.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil.
Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment.
When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
News comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear.
'I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards. I like the mad ones with three types of suspension. I.
like the small, nippy ones with exciting turning circles. I even like those weird French ones with the hydraulic suspension that feel and handle like ocean-liners.
Middlesbrough beat Norwich 1-0 at Carrow Road on Friday night.
Alex Tettey's own goal gave the visitors the lead after eight minutes.
Aitor Karanka insists his players deserve to be in the Premier League.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver.
The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours but miraculously suffered only minor injuries.
Rescuers used ropes to go down the cliff or hiked in via a creek bed to reach the upside-down car.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him.
The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that Rapiejo choked him and ordered that he get back into his car.
In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
Kevin Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16.
The 38-year-old has found the net just once in all competitions for Preston North End this season.
Davies was an unused substitute for their 3-0 win at Bradford on Easter Monday.
Ulster have announced the signing of New Zealand international Charles Piutau.
Piutau can play full back, wing or centre.
The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the All Blacks.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey.
It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days.
Most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless.
But money has been known to carry dangerous diseases such as MRSA and food poisoning bacteria.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in management at Manchester United between 1986-2013.
The now 73-year-old revealed he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy for the consuming role at United as he did when he first started.
Ferguson's honours include 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes.
James McCarthy put Everton ahead in the fifth minute with a blistering counter-attack.
Kevin Mirallas added Everton's third after United had appealed for offside against Romelu Lukaku.
Louis van Gaal could scarcely believe what he was seeing as his side found themselves well beaten down despite dominating possession.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder as Tijuana lost 4-3 to Monterrey.
Zavala later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media.
The incident was reminiscent of Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Cheillini's shoulder during last year's World Cup.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey.
Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct.
New species of monkey has been discovered after scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda.
In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, faces multiple charges for 'obsessively' texting an 11-year-old student.
Allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting her.
The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region.
It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year.
France has announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Pacquiao and Mayweather have come face-to-face just once in the build-up.
Mayweather will make short trip from his gym to the MGM Grand next week.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake's murder case.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty April 15 of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
Hernandez had been a rising star in the NFL with a $41million contract when he was arrested in June of that year.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch.
Samuels later taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: ‘The English boys don’t learn’
Stokes is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe.
But he insisted UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees.
Experts warn up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year.
Up to 950 people are believed to have drowned in a shipwreck off Libya.
Second eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has left nearby towns and villages covered in thick layer of ash.
First explosion in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky.
Second eruption in Los Lagos Region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded.
The ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'
Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican.
Channel 7 allowed the name Hugh G. Rection to appear on the screen during one of Australia’s biggest charity telethons.
Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
In a record breaking effort the Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million.
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law.
The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
Scores of worshippers congregated at Brisbane's St John's Cathedral to mark the most important date on the Christian calendar.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying.
But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer.
Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians.
Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad'
Survey of 1,000 undergraduates reveals dramatic fall in support for Green party.
Since September, the proportion of students who dislike Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24 per cent.
Labour has been the main beneficiary, with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband.
Support for the Greens rose steadily over two years, and peaked at 28 per cent in February.
But since then it has dropped sharply to only 15 per cent, meaning they have now been overtaken by the Conservatives.
England beat West Indies by 13 runs in the second Test at stumps.
Alastair Cook took three wickets as England won the toss and chose to bat first.
Cook has not scored an elusive century yet but is making good half-centuries.
The key to England going one-up was the captaincy of Cook.
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements.
His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen distanced herself from comments.
She said: 'I take note of what he said but I believe that those coming over to vote for us understand what is going on. He is being deliberately provocative'
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United.
Assistant manager Steve Thompson has been suspended by the club.
Thompson is understood to have been told that he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st at her heaviest.
Doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight.
She has since shed 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her weight.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition.
She will move to live with fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon.
Ms Carney will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa.
Heather Mack, 19, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother.
Sheila von Wiese-Mack's body was stuffed inside a suitcase in Bali.
Justice Minister Yasona Laoly called in unexpectedly at Kerobokan Prison.
He checked on the conditions in Mack's cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners.
Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits.
Pictures include feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
The images were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming.
Taya Kyle has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of killing her husband, Chris Kyle.
The 40-year-old broke down in tears on the stand during the first day of the trial.
Kyle was the subject of last year's Clint Eastwood-directed movie American Sniper.
Tommy Thompson, 62, and Alison Antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio.
Thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank during a hurricane in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he was swiftly given the all-clear.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940.
But Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940.
Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
The SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base on the Clyde.
Ministry of Defence officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative.
Mark Selby began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship.
The 31-year-old beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title.
Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner, having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking.
The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final.
The Arsenal midfielder is struggling to recover from a groin problem.
Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week.
Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Chelsea gave Thibaut Courtois no chance.
Adam picked the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match.
Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves.
The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since 1997.
The success may lie in the use of words author J.K Rowling chose across the series - rather than the texts as a whole.
By scanning the brains of people reading passages from the collection, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion.
These properties are normally used for words in isolation, which can be categorised as negative, neutral, and positive.
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint.
The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
Volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road.
It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark.
The Anthem of the Seas sails past the Explorer of Seas as it makes its way out of Southampton Docks.
The ship, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, is set to serve Europe and the Mediterranean over the summer.
It will then move to New York Harbour which will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Laura Everley, 36, was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a Facebook post.
She had been suffering from bloating, back pain, constipation and needing the loo.
The mother-of-one had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis.
It was only when she stumbled across a post on her Facebook timeline that she realised it could be cancer.
Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread.
Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding raider in Flixton.
The father-of-three had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand.
CCTV footage shows the robber vault the counter before wrestling with the cashier.
Mr Akhtar said he thought he was going to die in the 40-second assault.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer.
It allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank.
The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts.
Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678.
Ora was due to stand trial this week but yesterday admitted her part in the scam.
Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored as Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 on Sunday.
Stuart McCall's side moved up to second place with six games remaining.
McCulloch was shown a red card for an elbow on Osman Sow.
Daniel Boykin, 33, pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes.
Boykin broke into the woman's Nashville home five times and took more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of her.
He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender.
Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar.
Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded.
AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key.
Pictures show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border.
Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel.
Niamh Geaney, a 26-year-old student and TV presenter, found her doppleganger.
She teamed up with two friends to launch a project called Twin Strangers.
The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days.
It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world.
Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16.
But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclub’s Facebook page on April 3.
It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the venue.
Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars.
He told the court attending his father's clubs gave him an 'inflated sense of power and entitlement'
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to Britain.
The 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich.
It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting’s original owner.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg took it easy in second practice in Bahrain.
Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of the circuit.
But a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place.
The circuit and air temperatures were a searing 52 and 36 degrees centigrade.
William Schultz, 18, has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town.
Jordan Almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Authorities didn't say what Schultz was being treated for and the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation.
Ian Poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport.
The 39-year-old posted an Instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck, accompanied by the caption: 'I feel like a pin cushion'
Poulter finished tied sixth at the US Masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth.
Wladimir Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years against Bryant Jennings on Friday.
Klitschko won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero in his home country over night.
Amal Clooney, 37, tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September.
Her wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since.
From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses, the lawyer always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open first round.
The 21-year-old had tendon surgery and is nearing a return.
Robson's next target will be the French Open on May 24.
Olly Barkley has signed a new contract at London Welsh.
The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets.
Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season.
Both William and Kate, whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week.
On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street.
Lord Janner, 86, escaped prosecution for eight years because of Alzheimer's.
CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence against him was not worth pursuing through the courts.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week.
The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in Rangers.
He is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with Hampden chiefs.
But that did not stop Ashley exerting influence.
Two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until King forced them out.
New YouGov poll shows 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP.
Just 25 per cent backed Labour, robbing Miliband of an overall majority.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has offered to prop up a Labour government.
But the SNP leader demanded full fiscal autonomy for Scotland in return.
Luka Modric has sprained a ligament in his right knee.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Carlo Ancelotti's side face Malaga at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night.
Javier Hernandez will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season.
Manchester United and Real Madrid agreed a £15m deal last year.
Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the Mexican striker.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, is run by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
The curriculum includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape.
Other services include a complete male-to-female makeover.
The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature'
It is based on existing microelectromechanical or 'MEMS' technology.
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night.
A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy.
Scottish Conservative Councillor Ross Thomson posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch today.
Booker Prize winner Hilary Mantel's novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed for the American stage.
She has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway.
In preparation, the title of her second book has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'
SBS football reporter Scott McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger's bravery.
McIntyre's comments incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked.
The tweets were met with disgust by social media users who began the hashtag #sack Scott McIntyre.
SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee's beliefs.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life.
He grew up on the south coast of New South Wales and takes most of his shots on Kiama beach spanning to Gerrigong beach.
The 40-year-old advises budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
The 31-year-old was a regular in Louis van Gaal's starting line-up.
Van Persie's goalscoring stats in the Premier League this season are favourable.
He has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes.
Only Wayne Rooney has fared better - netting 12 times in 27 games.
Actress Gavin Daly refers to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life'
He tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit.
At the end of the scene, Daly even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand.
YouTube user Joe Penna solved 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times.
Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project.
The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere with the help of a female robot.
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'
He said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars.
Kanye, Madonna, Beyonce and other famous musicians were all co-owners of Jay Z’s new Tidal streaming service.
Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic, said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world.
The company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door.
More than 200 people were found queuing outside the new Aldi store.
It is one of 60 Aldi stores opening across the UK this year.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of Kazakhstan.
The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989.
But international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll.
Luis Suarez puts PSG 3-0 up with his second goal of the season in the 79th minute.
Neymar and Luis Suarez equalise in the 18th minute to make it 2-2 at the Nou Camp.
PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu sent the ball the wrong way in the second half.
Luis Enrique's side have scored more goals away from home this season.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms.
The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, ran Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey.
FBI has offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to move the Blues within two wins of being crowned champions.
Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are currently on a six-game winning streak.
The Red Devils' squad travelled to London via train on Friday afternoon.
Wayne Rooney, Ashley Young and Radamel Falcao could feature against Blues.
The tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
Apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast.
Michael Olsen, 52, was challenged by PC Mark Bird and PC Robert Wilson.
He abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island.
The officers challenged Olsen but he turned round and pulled a gun.
When PC Bird lunged at Olsen he felt a sharp pain through his hand.
Olsen was found guilty of GBH with intent and jailed for 12 years.
Diane Blankenship, 45, has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on Saturday in Las Vegas.
Mayweather will put his undefeated professional career on the line.
Boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative rings ahead of the bout.
The World Boxing Council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the movie of the same name.
The mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones, Promise's bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Footage appears to show Thabo Sefolosha being grabbed around the neck.
Moments later, the video shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs.
It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea.
Both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them.
Steve McClaren's Derby were held to a 2-2 draw by Watford at the iPro Stadium.
Matej Vydra put Watford ahead with his fifth goal in seven matches.
But a mistake by Ben Watson just before half-time changed the game.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'
Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone.
The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling.
Today, Emma is sharing her story to help other anorexic sufferers.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport.
Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts.
George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time, and relatives said he has never got on with the family.
He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center
At its peak in the 1950s, the National Defense Reserve Fleet consisted of 2,280 ships moored across the United States.
But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels, and today, just over 120 ships remain.
The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet', is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres.
They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater.
However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are.
Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
The mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over the Surrey village of Milford.
One read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please'
In total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs.
Dick Advocaat will welcome Lee Cattermole back to the Sunderland team.
The midfielder has missed the last two games through suspension.
He was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news.
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease.
It could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision, people would be able to replace their entire eye.
The team behind MHOX say their synthetic eyes could be available by 2027.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January.
The 23-year-old joined the Italians for a fee in the region of £12million.
Shaqiri has been dropped to the bench for the previous two Serie A matches.
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday.
The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time after Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored.
Chris Maguire earned the Owls a point from the spot after a foul on Atdhe Nuhiu.
In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Professor Roberts thinks apparent brain differences between the sexes have been exaggerated by how our culture treats boys and girls.
Four children were rescued from their Philadelphia home Sunday after police say their mother locked them in the basement for 15 hours without food.
The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered in Vietnam.
Farmers claim the animals are dying from disease and old age.
But sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood'
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Aden Flint was on target at Wembley, fulfilling a childhood dream in the process.
City currently lead Preston North End by 10 points but have a game in hand.
Mesut Ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining Arsenal.
Ozil was off the pace at the beginning of the season, but is now back to his best.
German star says his injury has actually helped him, claiming it 'worked in my favour' after a busy schedule.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, charged with sexual battery.
Allegedly assaulted unconscious girl at Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida.
Video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around incapacitated woman as men violate her while she lays on a beach chair.
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public.
Now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests.
Experts at Consumer Reports in the US found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria.
The vast majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east Asia.
In 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics, and seven samples tested positive for MRSA - an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics.
Other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran on Wednesday.
He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week.
She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and lost 8st after changing her diet and exercising.
Says: 'I'm proof that you can succeed and I want to feel healthy for the rest of my life'
Princess Beatrice arrived in Florence for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference yesterday.
The royal has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Today, she was all ears as she listened to the speakers at the conference.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway in Ortford, Kent.
It was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
During the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was stunned to discover she was expecting again.
She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son Joshua 18 months ago.
Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was arrested and charged with obstructing governmental administration.
The 6'7'' swingman was wrestled to the ground and grabbed around the neck.
He was arrested alongside teammate Pero Antic for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene.
Police have launched an internal investigation into the arrest after it was claimed the officers used excessive force when overpowering the player.
Charities last night welcomed move to create new generation of lifesavers.
Previously, only Liberal Democrats had promised to add crucial lessons.
But last week Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support.
Rickie Lambert was about to play at a World Cup last year but his stock has fallen.
Lambert has played the equivalent of roughly six-and-a-half games this season.
Mario Balotelli has been useless, and Lambert should be picked ahead of him.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Unnamed woman, whose email was shared by a recipient on Reddit, demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent from Ikea, and a $7.99 Cheerios book.
She even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them.
Natasha Jonas has announced that she will retire from boxing.
The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor at London 2012.
Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games.
A video from the Philadelphia Office of Transportation shows characters in'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone.
More than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent are 18 to 34, Mayor's office planner Ema Yamamoto said.
The campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret'
Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later.
Gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box, according to his family.
The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty.
The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK.
Jay Z launched a string of'stream of consciousness' tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal.
Tidal, which launched on March 30, has fallen out of Apple's top 750 apps, after a peak at No. 83 on April 7.
The rapper and businessman insisted that Tidal is good for all artists and not just a money-maker for big names like Kanye, Rihanna and Madonna.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caley Thistle at the Tulloch Caledonian Stadium.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for the Parkhead side.
Edward Ofere equalised for the Scottish Premiership side in the second half.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee.
Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color'
He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full.
Moments later, he was stopped by the cop for 'improper use of the median'
After acknowledging the officer's words, Mr Stack was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways.
Pictures show a young bear chained to a tree and attacked by dogs in Yakutsk, eastern Russia.
The controversial contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
Bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation.
Noel Marshall’s action-adventure film Roar was originally released in 1981.
Its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production.
The film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers, cheetahs and elephants.
Passenger Christopher Talbot found excrement in a newspaper on the floor.
He was heading to work on the 7:50am service from Lichfield Trent Valley to Longbridge.
London Midland said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting'
Middlesbrough are fourth in the Championship table, seven points behind Boro.
They travel to Wolves in the Premier League on Saturday.
Eddie Howe insists his side are not getting carried away at the top.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years.
The former factory worker has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory.
But after the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief.
He is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in Dover, Kent, kept company by a team of NHS carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds.
The clip has now received almost 26,000 views.
Nathan glides a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off.
The Turin Shroud, one of Christianity's most celebrated relics, went on display to the public on Sunday for the first time in five years.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ between now and June 24.
The shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery.
Book contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation dx/dy'
It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
Fraser Ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport (LAX) to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
The multi-millionaire, from Aberdeen, is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the LAX outlet.
He is alleged that Mr Ross is unhappy with the way the shops are being managed and has made his feelings clear to staff.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.
He could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke.
Jill Saward was the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right to anonymity.
A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week after 12 Christians were allegedly thrown into the Mediterranean Sea.
Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
But they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Yeboah, from Ghana, told police in Palmero that he boarded a dinghy in Libya heading to Sicily last Saturday and said the men threw three of his
Jessa, 22, and her 19-year-old husband Ben Seewald recently announced that she is pregnant with their first child.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9.
According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice.
Volcanic eruptions are some of the most violent events on the planet.
They throw out millions of tonnes of gas, ash and molten rock with each eruption.
But the majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater.
Now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes - and they are surprisingly quiet for such a violent event.
Blue Origin has finished work on a.
rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship.
Called Blue Origin, the firm expects to begin.
flight tests this year.
The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes.
about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge.
Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland.
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal.
He joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives, making himself an instant hit with younger fans.
The prince, 30, made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying ‘Red Heads Rule’
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years.
The former nurse injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her patients.
It caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death.
Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
She then admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014.
Lisa Webb, 34, first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France.
She feared her daughter would starve during the day.
When offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
In her native Canada, children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars.
In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225, striking a passing public bus.
The FBI is facing accusations that it is whitewashing possible Saudi involvement.
Relatives of Esam Ghazzawi left Sarasota, Florida, home in August 2001.
They left cars, furniture and food in refrigerator right before 9/11 attacks.
Some have speculated that the Middle Eastern country helped back Osama Bin Laden.
Surveillance footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims.
They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
As a train pulls up, both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago.
She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter.
'Washington's horribly broken,' Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul said Tuesday, but it came in the midst of a TV interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped as Savannah Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off.
African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
Amazing images were taken in the Kruger National Park in South Africa.
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action after Alfred McNamee lost his footing.
The elderly man fell onto the rails at the Septa metro station in Philadelphia.
Collins jumped to the edge of the platform and helped him to escape.
McNamee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen - but managed to get away with his life.
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000.
Miliband will say Labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-timers – saving them up £5,000 in tax.
Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season.
The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.
The tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions.
Hill devoted her final year to playing basketball, raising money for cancer research, and inspiring others.
Today mourners at the arena celebrated her life and determination in the face of the obstacles she overcame in her short life.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop.
The Swim Tee by Land's End provides UPF 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by The Skin Cancer Foundation.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos.
As the light was fading on Monday, three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney.
The photo, which was posted on the Sprout Daily Facebook page, was captioned: 'I didn't see a wave ridden but it was thrilling enough to see men scaled against these mountainous seas'
A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder who has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes.
The clip features on interactive TV show World’s Most Talented.
Gobitaca is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players at Manchester United.
Van Gaal is frustrated by the lack of football intelligence he has found in the squad at Old Trafford.
United now have a eight-point cushion over Liverpool in the Premier League.
Gertrude Weaver, who was already the oldest person in America, died on Monday in Camden, Arkansas.
The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'
Weaver inherited the title last Wednesday, after the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan.
Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister, Lydia, model for Sunkissed.
Sisters, who both work at Uni, show off toned legs in new shoot.
Lucy says it's'really lovely working together' because they don't see each other often.
Warrington Wolves face struggling Warrington Wolves on Easter Monday.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will lead the way for the Wolves.
He left his boyhood club Castleford at the end of last season.
Wolves have won their last five home games against Castleford.
Britain’s super-rich are now more than twice as rich as they were in 2009.
Queen Elizabeth II placed 302nd on the Sunday Times Rich List with a wealth of £340m.
Her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen.
Software extracts colour information from images or artworks found online.
Graph shows clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century, with all colours increasing except for orange.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker while spending only US$100 a week.
The 26-year-old has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30.
Mr Hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed motorbikes, had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica after developing a serious leg infection.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent.
Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
Until recently, Australia had two species of Bilbies- the Greater Bilby and the Lesser Bilby.
The Federal Government has committed to a National Feral Animal Summit this year that will focus on creating a plan to address the feral cat issue.
According to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of Hillary Clinton's Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
At least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake.
The new measurements will add to the Clinton presidential campaign's embarrassment following news on Tuesday that a large number of her Facebook fans may represent 'likes'
The White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get.
For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved.
Kate Brower became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 at the Crucible in Sheffield.
The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16.
But Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday.
Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team.
David de Gea, Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal all started.
Sam Burgess will start at blindside flanker for the second time this season.
Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
A replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette set sail for the United States on Saturday.
Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule, that France was sending a strong military force to help them.
The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort, where both vessels were built.
The London Mayor praised the Coalition for keeping down unemployment.
He said the fact that more jobs were being created was ‘one of the absolute moral triumphs’ of the government.
A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside.
Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, offers his verdict.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised Oratory School in London.
Said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.
The state-funded school in Fulham, West London, was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Pedro has spent much of the season on the bench with Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez starting games.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move for the Spain international.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Misse Beqiri last year in Mauritius.
The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012.
Lindegaard was keen to remind fans via his Instagram page of his marriage.
Researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too, which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them.
Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity.
But a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine.
U.S Surgeon General has enlisted Elmo to urge American children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization.
Campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated.
Best-selling author Sarah Wilson has hit out at a woman’s website after they published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder.
Wilson complained to Mamamia and the site agreed to remove her image from the article.
Her face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer.
Dele Alli was named the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday.
The 19-year-old has scored 16 goals in 41 appearances for MK Dons.
Tottenham signed Alli for £5million in the January transfer window.
James Bowen has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob.
Has churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years.
But he continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit.
Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in flat.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against Protein World's new weight loss advert.
The 24-year-old model, who is a strict vegan, starred in the yellow advert which features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?'
A change.org petition started, general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers, angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like Renee are ready to go to the beach.
Ian Brady wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside.
The 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children.
Brady, who has to use a Zimmer frame to move around, expressed no remorse for killings.
Instead he complained he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid.
The 25-year-old joined the Santiago Bernabeu outfit for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013.
Zinedine Zidane insists that the Welsh international will not be returning to the Premier League anytime soon.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children.
The 65-year-old told Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes I am a woman' and 'can't live a lie any longer'
Crownover said she was'so relieved' the world finally knows Bruce's 'big, big, big dark secret'
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100 on Sunday.
LeBron James chipped in with 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series.
Chris Paul scored 32 points, and Blake Griffin added 26 points and 12 rebounds, as Los Angeles surged in the second half to beat the San Antonio Spurs 107-92.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school.
The pledge is contained in a ‘home-school agreement’ which all children must sign before they start in September.
Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ‘responsibilities’ while attending the school.
It has been reported that Katie still checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out.
It was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as Katie worries that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction.
Kieran famously cheated on Katie with two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the club’s transfer and contract negotiator.
She is confirmed to speak at a Leaders conference at Stamford Bridge, her first public appearance.
Chelsea deny that the Terry exchange took place, describing it as an 'urban myth'
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration.
The 17-year-old tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record of 29 rounds under par.
Ko's worldwide streak is 32, counting the three rounds she played in the New Zealand Women's Open this year.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class because the products smell and are a distraction.
The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month.
But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall, Chit Chaat Chai, would not be allowed because it is not 'English-themed'
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par.
McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September.
Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city.
We stayed at the Marriott where the service was fantastic - when we checked in the concierge desk wanted to know if they could help us make bookings for shows or restaurants.
One of our first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on September 11, 2001.
'Altamura Man' was found entombed in limestone in a cave in Altamura, Italy.
His bones were found fused to the walls of the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago.
The Neanderthal is thought to have starved to death in the narrow space.
Over the thousands of years that followed, the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls.
DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from a Neanderthal and researchers now hope to further analyse the genetic information from the skeleton.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the 'catamavan' to take his mind off his divorce.
It has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
The catamavan is fitted with a small engine that reaches four knots.
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy, says Jamie Carragher.
Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United.
Liverpool sold Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 at the Nou Camp.
The Argentine has now scored 400 goals for Barcelona in 471 games.
Luis Enrique's side move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga later on Saturday.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, believes his Droops coffee maker could be the solution.
He took inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines.
It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents.
This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year.
Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies.
Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com.
The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery.
Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 73rd minute.
Gerard Pique made a game-saving tackle on Celta Vigo striker Charles.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez also scored in the El Clasico.
Rory McIlroy faces record high temperatures on the first day of play at Augusta National on Thursday.
Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days.
The typically warm and humid Georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into Augusta for the weekend.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred and in pain.
The parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons.
A family on New York's Long Island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible, but the Frosty melted this weekend.
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional Chinese medicine.
Now she's invited BBC cameras inside The Zhai Clinic, which she opened in 1996, to reveal the secrets of her success.
Dr Zhai's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
A snowboarder in Japan filmed himself in action using a selfie stick.
The man, in a bright purple jacket, appears to make a success of the video.
But as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift.
And the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground.
71% of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know.
Only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives.
Party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on teenager at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square.
He punched her so hard in face that she was knocked unconscious and threatened to kill her.
Two months later, he raped a 32-year-old woman in Greenwich, south east London.
Both rapes were reported to police but it took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the sex attacks.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
Ozzie the goose broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint.
The goose was left struggling for self confidence following the amputation.
An animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb.
Bruce Jenner's second wife, Linda Thompson, has praised her former husband for being 'a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are'
She tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce's highly-anticipated interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC.
It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O'Brien at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25, when he received a call from her father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it.
O'Brien, a science teacher at the high school located in the Atlanta Suburb of Decatur, died at the scene of the crash that night when a car carrying two students on their way to the prom crashed into her Hyundai Sonata.
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia.
Louis van Gaal and his players will operate out of one base in America.
The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by August 1.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm.
Cook has had a taste already of what is to come, first of all in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand.
England somehow try this summer to regain the Ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14.
Prime Minister will be absent when Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown.
Mr Miliband accused the PM of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges.
Tonight's 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Miliband, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett of the Greens, SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party.
He posted pictures of himself in wig and glasses under profile name Michelle Dirt.
Officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months.
But he went on run again in December last year upon his release.
Now facing four months in jail for breaching restraining order and assaulting prison guards.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains.
She chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before.
But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
Rushed to hospital, where doctors found blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly.
Was treated with medication but, incredibly, a year later was dealt another blow – when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney.
Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation.
FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows and the trends we won't be trying any time soon.
Nathan Sellers went on Divorce Court with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show.
Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft.
Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families.
Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests.
San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer'
Authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012.
The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW on Thursday night.
The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin, crashed head-on into a solid brick wall and bounced off.
A young woman was seen being taken away on a stretcher by paramedics in a neck brace.
Jessica Ennis-Hill beat Tatyana Chernova in the heptathlon in 2011.
Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships.
The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011.
Dame Barbara Hakin was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients.
She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
However, it is now reviewing part of this decision and appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went 'far enough' in respect of patient safety.
The GMC is concerned that there'may have been a material flaw' in the previous decision, which could lead to the case being reopened.
The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is planning to cut 500 jobs by June.
Staff were told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne.
The message was displayed for five hours before a supervisor told workers that it was an April Fools' Day prank.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn.
One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he is lucky to be alive.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at whoever he comes across.
The Filipino is the underdog going into the richest fight of his career.
Click here for more boxing news.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina.
Oscar had gone down earlier in the half under the slightest of contact from Hector Bellerin.
Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, who both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12.
Cockayne Syndrome is a rare genetic disorder which is characterised by a failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head.
The condition causes premature ageing so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart, they look like they are a similar age.
Amy Murray, 23, of Brightlingsea, Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers.
People sitting in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them.
An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman, 23.
Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly.
She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £50 compensation.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people.
Mr Light said his firm try to get round the no-call list by ringing mobiles – which few realise can be on the TPS – and by calling from abroad.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following near miss.
100mph collision between steam excursion and First Great Western high speed train.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water.
Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung.
It claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay.
Footage has sparked heated debates over the species of the mysterious beast.
Some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' from Chinese folklore.
The icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
The robotic vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under the ice.
Icefin is planned to make its Arctic debut in summer 2016, with a return to Antarctica that fall.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg.
The two sides met in the final of last season's competition in Lisbon.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games.
During his appearance in the Los Angeles courtroom, the Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk.
Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing.
His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
The Boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday.
It wasn't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane.
The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely in Denver and no one was injured.
Gable Tostee was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for drink driving.
The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase across state borders.
Tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered.
He borrowed his father's car for a booze-fuelled rise across NSW and then back over the border where he was booked by Queensland police just weeks before he allegedly murdered Warriena Wright on a Tinder date.
Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop.
The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, lungs and bones.
But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having treatment.
He asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his radiotherapy treatment like a Ninja Turtle.
His story became famous after it was reported in the local paper in December last year.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie.
The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result.
Rescue operation called off as darkness fell on beach in Hokota, Japan.
Only managed to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached.
The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, coastguards said.
Leicester were bottom of the Premier League at the end of March.
Nigel Pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad.
The Foxes face fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday.
Since Barbie's style-centric Instagram account launched last August, swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her 'official style feed'
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport.
He also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman in their Rumble in the Jungle.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Per Mertesacker believes the Gunners have become a stronger unit this season.
The German believes the squad have it within themselves to sustain a challenge for honours in the coming seasons.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane have been nominated for PFA Player of the Year.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham Hotspur.
Diego Costa, Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea are also on the shortlist.
NSW State Emergency Service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise.
The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday, with flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby.
They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial.
It is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution'
He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home.
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases.
Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Paintings allegedly hanging in the home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
It depicts her as dominatrix in short red dress, black suspenders on display.
But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by the image.
Image is said to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home.
Mark Steven West, 32, admitted to sneaking off with an 18-year-old student during a prom event in 2012 and having sex with the girl in his office.
He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny'
Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer.
Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps.
She also spent some time at Facebook, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Authorities say Uriel Miranda, 38, died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital.
Seven other relatives ranging from ages 3 to 34 remained hospitalized.
Leeds United lost 2-1 to Charlton at Elland Road on Saturday night.
Six players withdrew at short notice from the squad ahead of the game.
Former captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Researchers at the University of Arizona have discovered the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber'
When threatened, the bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'
This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the university.
The research, including video footage, reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy.
George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines.
Lib Dem leader said different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'
He said all those reasons were more important than policy decisions.
He blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs during the club's U21 clash with Leicester on Monday.
The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
United have handed trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs.
Michael Duff is the only player to appear in all eight top tiers of English football.
The 37-year-old is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League behind Everton’s Sylvain Distin.
Duff will be tasked with stopping Spurs scoring sensation Harry Kane, 16 years his junior, on Sunday.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after trying to call 16-year-old's phone.
Tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off.
He put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach.
One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child.
Bako, from Oldham, was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial, pleaded
Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas.
No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same week.
Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Niall Horan were among those to act as caddies.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season.
Louis van Gaal gave Iniesta his first team debut during that campaign.
Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for putting his trust in him.
London-based Trotters have unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's arrival.
The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers, and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls.
There are even pink or blue rabbit booties.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is out of contract at the end of the season.
The Scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the defender.
Hearts owner Ann Budge insists the club have no need to sell.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday.
When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in the Challenge Cup final.
The Cherry and Whites face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad.
The illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks.
Men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market.
They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea, in west Africa, last week.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle'
Visitors to the sprawling home, dubbed Maison du Solei, are greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals.
Arsenal have won 15 games in 17 games since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he’s still there.
The Gunners lost 2-0 to Southampton on January 1, 13 points behind leaders Chelsea.
But with the pressure off, Arsenal turned it on.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool at Ewood Park in the FA Cup fifth round.
Jordan Rhodes scored the winner in Wednesday night's 6-0 win over Leeds.
Gary Bowyer has challenged Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero.
Sevilla are fifth in the La Liga table ahead of the visit of Barcelona.
Unai Emery has overseen a 'clear upwards trend' according to Vicente Iborra.
Emery is one of the most animated coaches in La Liga.
Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
But he was not involved in the 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Manager Steve Evans added to the confusion by suggesting his player had been recalled by the Rams.
The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at Madison Square Garden.
Klitschko is closing in on the record number of defences of the heavyweight title set by Joe Louis.
A win for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' record of 25.
A 27-year-old man has been charged with the murder of Daniela D'Addario.
The body was found in the boot of her Hyundai Getz on Wednesday night.
She had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' with Josaia 'Joey' Vosikata, 27, for about four months.
Friends say she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path.
The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying.
Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen during open training at White Hart Lane.
The adage 'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014.
4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, analysis found.
Some patients are even being given hangover tablets and Yakult yogurt drinks.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, already has 13 children and is due to retire this year.
She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated using both donated sperm and eggs.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers last week.
A journalist found hers in Birmingham, two male university students in London, and two retired men in Essex.
Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree in Essex to be confronted with his doppleganger, former head teacher John Jemison, 74.
German detectives are ‘closely monitoring developments’ in the £60m London case.
They are expected to make contact with Scotland Yard this week to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid and, crucially, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
There has been speculation that the London robbers – who stole jewels and cash from 72 boxes at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit centre – are from Eastern Europe.
Newcastle host Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday.
Daryl Janmaat has likened the game to playing in the World Cup semi-final.
The Magpies have lost their last six league games in a row.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot.
The 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck at her home in Buckinghamshire.
She was only saved when her mother, Louise Conant, happened to be watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor.
Phillip Dickens was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
A woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday.
She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away.
While brown tree snakes are known to kill prey by chewing to inject venom, Mr Gilbert said they are not regarded as dangerous to humans.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle.
Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface.
This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and flares that can endanger Earth.
The changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior.
Prime Minister said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child.
But he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner.
Mr Cameron said he had gone 'off script' with the remark adding: 'I suppose it's just the campaign'
Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'
The instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest.
It could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms on East Sahara Avenue when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside.
Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help.
The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out.
No criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain.
The PSG full back recently had a falling out with manager Laurent Blanc.
Van der Wel insists he's happy at the club and wants to sign a new contract.
An unidentified concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat'
The snapshot was shared by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute.
James Rodriguez made it 2-0 in the 69th minute after Ronaldo had missed a penalty.
Cristiano Ronaldo made up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side have partnered with wellness solutions provider Technogym.
Technogym have kitted out Chelsea's Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment.
Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured working out at Cobham.
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday.
Portugal beat Serbia 2-1 to go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I.
Ronaldo was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale.
Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training.
Real host La Liga's 19th-placed side at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday.
The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to the defender.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's future will be decided in May if City lose.
Manchester United have never lost five in a row to City before.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman.
The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder.
Norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with sex life.
Mrs Else, 52, said: 'Every time I walk in the front door I think am I going to get a knife in my back?'
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials.
Detectives searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
A Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has come to the rescue with hundreds of interesting facts to kickstart a chat.
The cartoons by illustrator Ryan Chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause.
They include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer'
The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country.
He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending.
Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
The 38-year-old gelding became the first rider since Bryan Marshall to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses.
Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket.
Vaughan was England team-mate before Pietersen was axed by the ECB.
The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role.
Former England captain Alex Stewart has also put his hat into the ring.
Hilary Wilson was technically dead for 11 minutes during son's birth.
41-year-old woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant.
She only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born, and it 'clicked' that he was her son.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month.
No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009.
James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
The piece sparked outrage among Polish politicians and media.
US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday.
City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31.
The 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from Manchester United.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in June 2012.
Hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses.
The drug-fuelled killed unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby.
Chelsea could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2.
The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses.
They are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends.
Jose Mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the Chelsea board.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was killed during a botched sting on April 2.
Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas while out on bond.
Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory.
The most difficult problem for women is even if they are dealing with some symptoms, Dr Briden says it can take up to ten years to diagnose properly.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots.
She has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé.
In total, she has completed 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp and don't feature any faces.
Bath flanker Sam Burgess was man-of-the-match for his side.
Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni all scored tries for Mike Ford's side.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas in a first-round technical knockout.
Mendes retains his No 1 spot in UFC's featherweight rankings.
He came into the fight on the back of a decision loss to Jose Aldo.
Emilia Clarke believes Game of Thrones has some of the most powerful female characters on television.
The HBO drama, based on George RR Martin's fantasy novels, is about to begin its fifth series.
It has seen many of the female characters take leading roles - mainly because the men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances.
Maisie Williams, who plays Arya Stark, has promised even bigger shocks in the new episodes.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday.
Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday.
Inter confirmed on their website that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Managing Director Paul Downton.
Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
The early bookies' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
A spring-breaker was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away.
Footage starts by showing the girl's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Aueel Manyang and her mother Akon Goode have been reunited.
Aluel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday.
Her father, Joseph Tito Manyang, said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days.
She believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water.
Harry Davies-Carr, 11, and brother Charlie, 9, starred in viral YouTube clip.
The video was originally filmed for the family to send to their godfather.
It quickly went viral, becoming an early online hit eight years ago.
Now the pair have given an interview to children's TV programme Newsround.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
The married mother of three, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video.
In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013.
Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed surgery.
But four days later she was told staff had confused notes of three patients.
The mother-of-one was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants.
She was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital.
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour.
The former world No 3 missed out on a place in the Ryder Cup team.
Casey finished joint third in the Honda Classic at the start of this week.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace.
Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida, early on Sunday.
He said it was colder than he had expected flying from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to DC, where the sight of the Washington Monument helped guide him to the Capitol grounds.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14.
Steven Gerrard had won three trophies in the first year out of his teens.
Secret Garden by Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies and is riding high in the bestsellers chart.
So far, it's been translated into 22 different languages.
Alan Pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a move for Tim Krul.
Palace boss says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer.
The 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle in January.
Pardew insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather.
Ronda Rousey said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person'
The UFC women's bantamweight champion recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' and was adamant there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye.
He describes how his wife, who is eight-months pregnant, was chasing the
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years.
But proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
EU is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints for permission to publish them, so officials can begin to build a case against the firm.
Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues.
Sam Burgess was called into Stuart Lancaster's England squad for the RBS 6 Nations.
Burgess has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since switching to union.
The 26-year-old has spent most of his career at inside or outside centre.
Head coach Mike Ford will examine his credentials at blindside flanker.
Tony McCoy announced his intention to retire in February.
The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to Ireland.
McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Militants fighting for Boko Haram in West Africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern Nigeria, the images show the jihadis casually posing in front of the terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid daughter Andrea to rest in 1999.
But she found out more than a decade later that police had removed vital organs.
Andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father Meyrick Fowler.
He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years for throwing her.
Margaret Tyler, 71, and John Loughery, 60, arrive at Lindo Wing ahead of birth.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's due date is more than a week away.
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm)
Chris Smalling back in contention after illness but Luke Shaw will not feature.
Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany doubtful with hamstring injury.
Wilfried Bony, Stevan Jovetic and Dedryck Boyata also out.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year.
The emails show that Hayes was involved in policy meetings, and her input was sometimes sought on policy questions.
Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after December 25.
It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
The department store giant has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights, formerly £500.
Andy Murray will play Jo Wilfried Tsonga in the Davis Cup quarter final.
British captain Leon Smith wants to take on the French on grass.
Queen's Club will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations.
The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Parma were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their debts.
Kevin Franklin jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court.
The 58-year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period.
When he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him'
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer.
Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return home from the garden.
Rogers then called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer'
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in Raqqa.
Begum forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade - an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago.
The trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS.
Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings on the streets of
Sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000.
It's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $1 million mark.
Jonathan Trott has been England's rock at No 3 for four years.
He returned from the 2013-14 Ashes series in Australia with a stress-related condition.
The 33-year-old has been impressive in addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane.
Adele Sarno, 85, has lived in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years.
She received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford.
Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday afternoon.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher has lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional.
Bruce Jenner, 65, has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his Adam's apple.
The former Playgirl cover hunk, who won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976, is now sporting manicures and ponytails.
The new regulations on becoming a football agent will come into force on April 1.
Anyone can become a agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Mel Stein, chairman of the London-based Association of Football Agents, thinks the new regulations will 'create anarchy'
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child.
Male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ‘mocked’ and subjected to ‘gratuitous derogatory’ comments about her childcare arrangements.
So in an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers at the global investment firm ‘without their knowledge’
Jonathan Trott has endured a nightmare return to Test cricket.
Trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first Test in Antigua.
Peter Peters will be telling Trott to manage his inner chimp.
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry.
The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives, or attachments, and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II.
Number of people in work soared to its highest level in history.
Tories’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement.
International Monetary Fund lavished praise on Chancellor George Osborne.
Nathan Hughes's knee collided with George North's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton on March 27.
The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches.
Hughes was shown a red card for the offence, but that dismissal has now been officially rescinded.
It was the third time that Hughes had been knocked out in the space of two months.
Lindsay, 28, recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews.
Shocking surveillance footage shows five people storming out of a minivan.
One takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground.
They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless.
The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of.
New ICM poll for the Guardian had the Tories ahead on 34 per cent – down five points from a week ago.
Labour were down one point on 32 per cent.
Nate Silver predicted a hung parliament after May 7 with the Tories winning 283 seats and Labour 274.
Jacob Fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at Halifax.
The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday.
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition.
She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate.
Progeria takes its name from the Greek word 'proeros', meaning prematurely old.
There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK.
Lorraine Kelly has been attending Zumba classes up to four times a week.
The 55-year-old has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10.
In an interview with Woman magazine, Kelly gushed about her instructor.
Zumba combines Latin and international music and aerobic activity.
Tony Toutouni, 42, is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend Dan Bilzerian.
He chronicles his extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models.
His outrageous posts, which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months, are threatening to steal him the crown.
Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
The contest saw Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood go head-to-head.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back next season.
The 19-year-old has played 27 league matches this season for Valencia.
Manchester City consider him to be a replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov.
Porto lost 6-1 to Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
The Portuguese side had been on the receiving end of a 6-0 thumping.
Porto were given a hero's welcome as they arrived back in Portugal.
Jackson Martinez and Ricardo Quaresma looked perplexed by their warm reception.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night.
The centre-back moved forward to cover the absence of Luka Modric.
Ramos is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song about Jamie Carragher ‘We all dream of a team of Carraghers’ would be appropriate.
Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and Thomas Vermaelen from Arsenal for £15m.
But influential voices at the Catalan club urged then sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta to bid for 20-year-old John Stones instead.
Stones moved up the list of possible targets with performances for Everton that saw the youngster on the stand-by list for England’s World Cup campaign in Brazil.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)
In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country.
But in the US herpes was the most searched, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen.
The citation recognises the 93-year-old's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Mr Abbott’s announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen.
Juventus striker Carlos Tevez is yet to make a decision on his future.
Tevez has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at Boca Juniors.
Boca president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home' despite Tevez having another year on his current deal.
Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting in East Ukraine.
He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital.
The incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours on the outskirts of the rebel stronghold of Donetsk.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May, according to reports.
He is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family.
The five-star Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech, is the first Aman resort on the African continent.
Guests will be able to dine outdoors, choosing from Mediterranean and Moroccan cuisine.
Terrorist group ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping.
The group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal in the win.
The 25-year-old has become the highest-scoring German since 1992.
England Women beat China 2-1 at Manchester City's Academy Stadium.
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second.
Jodie Taylor and Jill Scott scored for the home side.
Kirby was player of the match when England played the United States.
The service will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee.
The additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on YouTube's Creator Studio Dashboard, which notes that the changes will go into effect on June 15, 2015.
According to YouTube's updated Partner Program Terms, YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging'
'I'd descend "into the mirror" for up to four hours a day,' Jenna writes in an inspiring essay for Marie Claire.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched eco-friendly swimwear line SwimSexy.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored for Liverpool in 2-0 win over Newcastle.
The Reds moved within four points of the Premier League top four.
Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948.
But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson.
He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance.
Danielle Busby gave birth to the nation's first set of all-girl quintuplets on April 7 at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
Ali Maffucci, 28, dropped from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 in three months.
The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables.
It allows people to create nutritious, very low-calorie, low-carb ‘pasta’, ‘noodles’ and ‘rice’ from everyday fruit and vegetables, in less time than it takes to peel a potato.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag.
While the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State.
The 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in Chehalis, Washington, according to a lawsuit filed in Lewis County Superior Court.
More than 40 pooches, complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity guests, tie the knot in a park in Beijing on Sunday.
The collective ceremony, which was billed the first of its kind to be held in China, was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
She was arrested on Friday afternoon after she turned up at Stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions.
Police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning.
Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Curlen became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
The 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week.
Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace’s character Kat Moon.
The veteran actress said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Tim Sherwood returns to White Hart Lane to face Tottenham on Saturday.
Aston Villa boss has set the emotional bar high but it’s working.
He has revived Christian Benteke in the same way as he did for Emmanuel Adebayor last season.
The Villa squad won't like being called ‘icing-on-the-cake players’
The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history.
The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor.
Another was named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Second-placed Preston were held to a 2-2 draw by Gillingham.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season.
MK Dons closed the gap on Simon Grayson's men to three points.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol.
His desperate friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him.
The group had been on a night out in Marbella after jetting to Spain on Saturday.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk.
The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear.
When Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at the Etihad on Sunday.
Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing City, claims Gary Neville.
Neville says City need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden'
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show.
Fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms, tying them at the back so that every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent.
The idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
It has been picked up by cosplayers, who like to dress up as their favourite anime characters, but it has also been copied by ordinary girls.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters.
They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
 Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars.
Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth.
The posters are hand-drawn, and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator to finish them off.
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project.
Bettman would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date.
Skegness is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today.
The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes.
Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together.
It is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame.
The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
He hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly.
Many viewers have deemed the video 'adorable' and 'cute'
Remains found wrapped in rope and dumped in front of archaeological dig in Trujillo.
Discovery was made in the early hours of the morning as cleaners swept up the streets.
Police are now investigating how it ended up in a box outside the main archaeological site.
Jamie Peacock had not scored a try for almost 12 months.
The 37-year-old went over twice in the first half to help Leeds to their fifth win in a row.
Salford's last home win against the Rhinos was a 21-12 Regal Trophy victory at The Willows in November 1993.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the rubble of the historic Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies.
They have been taking pictures amongst the rubble, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust.
It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists.
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds.
The 30-year-old took the money for herself at the Premier Inn in Newcastle.
Goodall admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014.
She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1.
Dublin-based airline has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza.
The ban follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun, booze and revelry.
Deputy Prime Minister met by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London.
Comes after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' Tory cuts.
Mr Clegg said the Chancellor's plans would do'so much damage' to public services.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002.
Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich.
'If my mother taught me anything, it's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child,' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to Fox Sports.
After years, Buchanon said he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when
James Ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women's officer at the Tasmanian University Union after public pressure and an online petition.
The university's Women's Collective had launched a petition on the website change.org to have Mr Ritchie removed.
Mr Ritchie said he felt his ability to be effective in the role was now diminished.
Reddit thread focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments.
One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines.
Dina Amos-Larkin was attending four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain.
21-year-old was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and told of injuries a week ago.
Authorities initially said fall was a suicide bid, she said.
GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 for her home.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas as a way of deterring asylum seekers from entering Australian shores by boat.
ABC program Lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers.
The drama, commissioned by the Customs and Border Security Agency, will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge.
She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia.
In her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'
A 42-year-old man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station.
He then managed to escape the scene in the damaged vehicle.
The Harts Range police station was vacant at the time of the incident.
Police are looking for a man who was agitated and driving in a reckless manner.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The supposed hit man was an FBI criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year.
Heart-warming video was created to celebrate Mother's Day.
Six real-life women and their children are gathered to find out the answer.
Internet star Zoella has amassed a huge teen following on social media.
Jamie Oliver's company has warned that vloggers should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts.
It comes after an investigation found that video blogs popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites.
Vigilante group Wicked Pickets have started spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of van hire company Wicked Camper vans.
They claim the slogans promote violence against women.
Wicked Camper's CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises, breasts with the slogan 'Random Breast Testing', and sexualised images of men and women.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died in explosion last week.
In August utility workers discovered gas line to restaurant had been illegally tapped.
Stephen Dodd took picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula at Anfield.
He captioned it: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE'
Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan.
Dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing Liverpool fan.
Amir Khan is currently training for a fight against Chris Algieri on May 29.
Khan will fight the American at the Barclays Center in New York.
Click here for more boxing news.
Letter was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts.
She posted it to her social media account writing: 'So this is the notice I saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop. I kid thee not'
In the note the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed.
Detectives were pointed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford - who has been charged with Ms Scott's murder.
Standford, 24, was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions.
The 26-year-old teacher was due to marry fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday.
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City around.
The former Manchester City manager blames the club's poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players.
At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly.
Fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague.
Floyd Mayweather took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet on Wednesday.
The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team.
Muhammad Ali wants Manny Pacquiao to beat Mayweather on May 2.
Iranian officials made decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March.
The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west on Saturday.
He had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness.
The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Australian-run Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year.
NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million.
The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools in California.
In April, the department fined subsidiary Heald college, alleging the school had shown a pattern of falsifying post-graduation employment data.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather.
But fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet'
Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground.
High There! is the first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts.
It lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views.
Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder.
The app is available globally via Apple’s App Store and Google Play.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users.
Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes.
It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children.
They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13.
On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, found guilty of attempted murder after stabbing wife.
Wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back.
He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her.
Harry Kane won PFA Young Player of the Year 2015 on Sunday.
The Tottenham striker has scored 30 Premier League goals this season.
Kane scored on his senior England debut against Lithuania.
He also scored a brace in Tottenham's 5-3 win against Chelsea on New Year's Day.
Ashley Young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by Manchester City.
United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals.
Manchester City lost 1-0 at the Etihad Stadium in November 2014.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight set to gross more than $300million.
The fight is certain to be the biggest in the history of the sport.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved as they go face-to-face in the studio.
McDonald's says it's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize, marking the latest sign the company is rethinking its menu to keep up with changing tastes.
The biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch.
Cleveland's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the Cavaliers' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep.
He and Boston's Kelly Olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after Jae Crowder of the Celtics missed a 3-pointer.
Love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after failing to find love online several times.
The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age.
Study found that Britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine.
Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices.
Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final.
Meekings saw his one-game ban thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal on Thursday.
Caley Thistle challenged his one game suspension for denying Celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball.
The Highland club's lawyers successfully argued that SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan had no right to bring the case.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club.
Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against the venue’s policy.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface.
The app allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone.
Benn is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app – and Instagram isn't happy.
An engineer from Facebook allegedly sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service.
SNP leader Alex Salmond caught boasting in secret footage at fundraising event.
Former first minister boasted he would write Labour's budget north of border.
He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a Tory poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis'
LeBron James says he would pick himself for the NBA MVP award.
Cleveland Cavaliers players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time, with titles such as 'Man of the Year' being handed out.
James scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the Cavs in their 104-99 victory against the Milwaukee Bucks.
All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2.
The small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League.
Dyche claims another manager has urged him to 'get with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions.
The Clarets are second from bottom with just six games remaining.
Pete Evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle.
Evans has also been under fire for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats.
Big Ben is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him.
He dwarfs the other 86 ewes born at the same Leicestershire farm this season.
Danny Welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with England and remains a doubt.
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face Arsenal on Saturday.
Martin Skrtel and captain Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions with Dejan Lovren favourite to replace the former in defence.
Dangelo Connor, from Brooklyn, New York, filmed himself messing around with stun gun.
First waved it around, then sent volts coursing through a Coke can.
Then decided to electrocute bracelet while still holding it, sending current through his hand and into his body.
Johnny Sexton wants to win a medal with Racing Metro this season.
The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby.
Five bedroom Knightsbridge flat is based in the same building where Ava Gardner spent her final years.
It has two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room.
There are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes.
Gardner famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana.
Tscreening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development.
By looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease.
Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings, according to plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area.
In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich Arab tourists in the Park Lane and Mayfair areas.
Google has unveiled a U.S. wireless service that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones.
Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday night by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers.
Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was questioned for the next four hours.
He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems.
French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit, who landed three Group One races in 2014.
The Aidan O’Brien-trained pair of Gleneagles and Highland Reel lead the entries.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013.
Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons.
The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is currently in his home county.
If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Tom Denniss by 24 hours.
In the process, he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world.
The hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday.
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the gaping chasm, which is eight foot wide by two and a half foot long.
Police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to a water main.
Atletico Madrid face city rivals Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
Fernando Torres hails manager Diego Simeone as the reason behind their success.
Simeone's side have not lost to Atletico Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls.
Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list.
Hannah Overton, 37, has already spent seven years in prison for the murder of her four-year-old adopted son, Andrew Burd.
In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of Andrew.
Andrew died a day after Overton punished him by making him swallow spicy seasoning.
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency.
The only food it imports is milk.
Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up are the stars of the summer.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala.
Bishop found herself caring for a newborn, juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life.
Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams.
She will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl.
The five-year-old required 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years, which Mrs Douglas says will cost nearly $10,000.
Alexis was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm, her mother Monique Douglas told Daily Mail Australia that not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter.
Dog owner Edward Powell was handed a $1500 fine and no convictions, as he had put down his pitbull soon after the horrific incident
Aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against the supermarket company last year.
An investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel.
She was flanked by her parents, Fred and Francina Mason of Teaneck, New Jersey, plus an aunt from Los Angeles - TV personality Rolonda Watts - and her lawyer Brent Bryson.
It was caught on CCTV cameras at The Mirage hotel casino on Las Vegas's strip.
Jeremy Scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede, nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk.
Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, took to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China.
Her company Lens Technology supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
The self-made billionaire's company has now been named China's richest woman.
Research on infants’ brains by doctors from Oxford University has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults.
It overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold.
Until now doctors have assumed that very young babies do not feel pain and do not need painkillers, even during invasive procedures.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday night.
Guus Hiddink branded the home fans a 'disgrace' for booing Andres Iniesta.
Hiddink was unimpressed with the way Iniesta was treated.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
Wesley has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
During a search of Wesley's hotel room police found 72 rounds of nine-millimeter ammunition.
Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder.
They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox returned to the US.
Last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again.
In a shocking twist Italy’s highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple.
Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro in the Europa League semi-final.
Fiorentina will face holders Sevilla over two legs in the final.
The draw was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon.
Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff took heart-breaking image in November.
He did not realise how terrified girl was until he was editing the photographs.
She was so scared of his camera that'she raised her hands to surrender'
Her emergence follows the now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to a different cameraman in a Syrian refugee camp.
War Child says thousands of children carry 'deep trauma from what they have been through inside Syria'
Kristina Karo, 31, is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 for allegedly stealing her chicken.
Kunis has responded with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video.
Karo, who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991, claimed Kunis had been 'envious' of her hen and that 25 years ago, she stole it from her farm in north-west Ukraine.
Judy Murray has revealed that she can't wait for her son to have children.
The 55-year-old tennis coach told Closer magazine: 'I've always wanted to have grandchildren, but I had to be patient and let them get married first'
Andy and Kim married this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral.
Noelle Reno has broken her silence four months to the day since Scot Young's death.
She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell.
He fell 60ft from her fourth-floor flat window in London’s Marylebone.
Reno also labels his death a ‘suicide’, pre-empting any coroner's verdict.
Tim McNaughton's body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday.
In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police.
Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote: ‘Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done [sic]
The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it’s revealed a third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home.
Duffy and four other young men were taken to the hospital for treatment for excessive alcohol consumption.
The other four men were treated and released.
According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
He initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows.
Despite the infestation, the family remain very calm throughout the video.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment.
But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared.
Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The bout has been billed as The Fight of the Century.
Former world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe has backed his opponent.
Mayweather has an impressive record, winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights, 26 by knockout.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in Oxfordshire.
It boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and Blanc's two Michelin-starred restaraunt.
Joao Teixeira broke his leg during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield.
The 22-year-old was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose him.
Click here for more Liverpool news.
One in five Australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study.
86 per cent turn to online retailers to purchase items they're too embarrassed to buy in store.
The things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear, hair removal cream, personal hygiene products, medication... and action figures.
Three-quarters of Australians will spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year, according the StarTrack study.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation.
QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas for the rest of the season.
Anika Stanford, the mother of Vincent Stanford, is assiting police with the murder case against her son.
Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains on April 10.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Ms Scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
He will next appear in Griffith Court by video link on June 4.
Joshua Finbow, 23, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later.
They were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
Lewis Hamilton is top of the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List.
The Formula One world champion remains on pole position but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year.
Wayne Rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m.
Jenson Button is just £1m behind Rooney with a fortune of £71m.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide, prompting anger and disappointment.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through.
Kim Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide.
The Pope has also called the slaughter 'the first genocide of the 20th century'
The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News.
The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado.
In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
David Silva was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital.
The Spaniard was given oxygen and put in a neck brace.
City boss Manuel Pellegrini believes Kouyate did not mean to injure Silva.
First Minister reveals she will lead SNP negotiating team in event of another hung Parliament.
Says she would regard an 'out' vote in Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK.
Also revealed she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles.
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson.
One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped.
Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing.
Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed'
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals.
Chairman Shaharyar Khan hopes the tour will go ahead next month.
No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases.
But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday.
About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her.
Following a brief struggle the man grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage.
South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has confirmed that the man who is seen kicking the phone in the video is with the U.S. Marshals.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day.
It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Burger King has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie, while Pret A Manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine.
The British sandwich chain's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only at its branch on The Strand in London.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, jailed for two years.
Hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw, knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain.
The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out'
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away.
Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison for plotting unrest.
He and 36 others were given life sentences as Mohamed Badie was executed.
Badie and 13 other defendants were ordered to be executed by Egyptian judge.
Soltan, who grew up in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio, has been on hunger strike for 14 months.
Crossing was due to be installed in Totnes, Devon, as mark of gay community.
But experts have warned that painting road different colours could have side-effects.
Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek medical advice.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10.
The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police.
However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers.
Cosmopolitan Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award.
She says the award won't be taken off Ms Gibson, despite the Whole Pantry founder's admission of lying about her cancers.
'She was reader nominated and reader-voted,' McCahon said on the Dan and Maz 2DayFM breakfast show this week following Gibson's Australian Women's Weekly interview in which she admitted she had lied.
McGahon said the 'whole foundation' of Cosmopolitan magazine is about 'empowering women and
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat.
She supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene.
Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions.
Little Elisa emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares.
Thousands of live earthworms have been falling from the sky in Norway.
Biology teacher Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow at the weekend.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004.
He made it quite a family outing with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn at his side.
Woods said: 'Have fun, enjoy it, and don't win. No matter what'
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout.
They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room.
The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes.
East Sussex deputy coroner Christopher Wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
In 2013, the US Department of Veterans Affairs reported hearing loss as one of the most common ailments among veterans receiving disability compensation.
Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition.
They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years.
She now boasts a collection worth £10,000 and has four rooms to her name.
Her drawing room is devoted to the Queen, while another is devoted exclusively to Princess Diana.
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by Southwest staff.
The financial broker's foot was wedged in the door as he 'groaned'
On landing, staff let off all other passengers before calling paramedics.
Wife Kelly, a Southwest flight attendant, is filing wrongful death suit.
Southwest spokesman said staff are trained to treat such behavior as security risk.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders'
He revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury.
He was prescribed Temazepam, a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant.
Mr Farage has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial.
The 52-year-old has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
His lawyer, Phillip Mulherin, argued identifying his client would cause undue stress and embarrassment.
Gonzalo Higuain gave Napoli the lead with a smart finish after 15 minutes.
Marek Hamsik added a third after the break before Manolo Gabbiadini made it four minutes later.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
Wolfsburg had lost just once in their last 26 matches in all competitions.
For 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained.
Now, one scientist says this may not be true.
'According to our work, information isn't lost once it enters a black hole,' says Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo.
Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in Sao Paulo.
The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour.
Police claim Bolina was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell and that officers were forced to intervene.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home.
His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
The infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries'
The 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
Julian Lines has been solo climbing for almost 30 years.
The 42-year-old was filmed edging towards the top of the sheer rock face.
He is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he climbs.
Mr Lines said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun.
Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia.
Despite government efforts to stop it, the dangerous practice lingers on.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde.
They took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours.
Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning.
He said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday.
But a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday.
Passengers were shunted back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel, only to find out each time that there were more delays.
The number of hayfever sufferers in the UK is predicted to reach 20 million this summer, up a third from last year.
But for millions, the first tentative steps towards summer brings impending misery as a cloud of invisible pollen descends.
Experts told MailOnline that five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms - which include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat - for the first time.
Dereck Chisora was stopped by Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena.
The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title.
Chisora has been back in the gym for the past month and is hoping to make his return to the ring during the summer.
A van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened 300 feet off an interstate and down an embankment in northeast Georgia on Monday.
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am.
Authorities have confirmed three deaths, according to Georgia State Patrol Captain Mark Perry.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' decision to almost double some fares on the route between London and the Cotswolds.
He has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament, while Labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes.
The planned changes have angered Mr Cameron's constituents - prompting him to personally intervene.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs.
Hull manager Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad this summer.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station.
Passenger hopped out of vehicle in rush, forgetting rucksack.
On realising mistake he felt 'dazed' and 'physically sick'
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey met at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head.
Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, was left with a deformed breast.
She has now had 13 operations to improve the look of her breasts.
Says she would do 'anything' to look normal again.
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time for Clermont.
Nick Abendanon, the ex-Bath and England full-back, capped a masterful display with a break-away try.
Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United's injury crisis does not weaken their team.
Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho responded by listing their lavish squad.
England face West Indies in the first Test in the Caribbean on Monday.
Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him.
Cook has slightly altered his batting stance after working with Graham Gooch in his enforced off-season.
Kevin Pietersen smashed a huge century on his return to the domestic game with Surrey yesterday.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and children Zoha, seven, and Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry.
They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, it is claimed.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts.
Labour’s biggest donor Unite lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis.
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of Chancey Luna.
The 17-year-old faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without release.
Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was shot in the back on August 16, 2013.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday.
It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film.
A number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, faces two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters.
Saeed, who was born in Syria and became a naturalized American citizen in 2008 at age 17, is accused of lying during interviews with the FBI and other US authorities at the US Embassy in Ankara, Turkey, in March.
He falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members.
Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley not to move to Manchester City.
The veteran midfielder spent four seasons at the Etihad before joining Everton.
Barry believes the 21-year-old can achieve anything he wants in the game.
Everton face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908.
It caused consternation in America for one simple reason: Johnson was black — and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover.
According to police, an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area.
The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene, police said in a news release.
Box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound at about 6am.
Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Salford Red Devils beat Wigan Warriors 24-18 at AJ Bell Stadium.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try for the Red Devils.
Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night.
Paco Alcacer, Lucas Orban and Sofiane Feghouli scored for the home side.
Valencia are fourth on 65 points, with Atletico Madrid on 66 in third.
Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have been key to Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title.
Arsene Wenger did not expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
Bellerin scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock and launch his team towards a 4-1 win.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in 2013.
Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge at the same time.
Moyes gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas for oil ‘illegitimate’
It says it will mount a legal challenge – but has ruled out another conflict.
Daniel Filmus said Britain’s decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was ‘gunboat diplomacy’
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted to League One.
But the Dutchman wants to finish on top of the table.
He said: 'We want to be No 1. I want the second target and that is winning the league'
Richard Engel and his crew were taken hostage in December 2012.
They were told they would be handed over to military forces in Foua.
Mr Engel was convinced by his captors that they had been taken by rebels.
But NBC has now changed its account and said they were taken by Sunni rebels.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for ISIS in Syria.
Damien converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school and considered suicide during this painful period.
But Damien's interest in Islam took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and refusing to sit at the dinner table when they were drinking wine.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday.
He says his sister dropped off the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night.
The next day, Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online.
Police arrested Truong's sister Alyssa Chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap the toddler and his mother, with the child's grandmother.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Miliband is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP.
Miliband says Tories have 'descended into the gutter' and David Cameron'should be ashamed'
Jerry Grayson has tracked down every helicopter he ever flew in the 1970s.
The 59-year-old was once the youngest pilot to join the Royal Navy.
He was responsible for rescuing 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979.
Mr Grayson found that one of the choppers had been converted into a camp.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg injury.
The world No 2 is also a doubt for the WTA Stuttgart Open, which starts on April 20.
Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA's World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Manuel Pellegrini guided City to their second Premier League title in three seasons.
Jose Mourinho won back-to-back titles with Chelsea in 2006 and 2007.
Carlo Ancelotti and Roberto Mancini have all left their jobs by the following year.
Wayne Rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front.
The 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season.
Manchester City host United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram.
Stores a £65 ($96) Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid.
She also loves to spritz her face with a £12 ($18) rose water mist from Glossier.
Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham against Burnley.
Paul Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody'
Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle and Ivan Perisic.
The Napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign Luiz Gustavo in January.
Benitez's side travel to Wolfsburg in the first leg of the quarter-final on Thursday.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex.
The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit TV show and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter where they wanted to start a new life after hearing stories from his grandfather, a Spitfire
Teenager, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night.
It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near Filey, North Yorkshire.
A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside.
Celtic beat Inverness Caley Thistle 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final.
Chris Sutton has called for more accountability for officials.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Berlin.
Gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m.
It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London.
During that near-identical raid, 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones.
Carmem Dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities.
She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds.
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday.
The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down.
For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers.
Dion Dublin made his Home Under The Hammer debut as a co-host on Monday.
Former footballer joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series.
The 45-year-old looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford.
He received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton.
Adrien Broner rejected a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter Jay Z.
Broner was pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday.
50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child.
She was expected to be 3'8 tall, but her surgeries allowed her to grow to 4'10, enabling her to be more independent.
Jesse Willesee was arrested for smoking weed at Sydney Town Hall on Monday.
His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images on social media.
Jasmine lit up a joint as part of Jesse's campaign to legalise marijuana.
Jesse is the son of a TV star's son who started smoking weed aged 23.
The campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at exactly 4.20pm on April 20 every year.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar, in Yuma, Arizona, on Friday when she was distracted by a bee.
The stroller rolled away from her and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away.
A Go Fund Me page was set up for the parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar.
As of Sunday, the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has raised over $20,000.
Audrie Pott, 15, fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party in their hometown of Saratoga, California.
She awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body.
Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages.
As part of the settlement, they were also made to release a lengthy apology and will have to give presentations about'sexting', sharing nude photos,'slut-shaming' and the dangers of alcohol.
The number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise.
Fiona Steane is 50 with 3ft long hair, Sarah Rihal is 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair.
Melanie Brown is 60 and has 4ft long and Vanessa Thorpe is 40.
Supermodel Twiggy stood up for older women with long locks.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr insists on eating organic food before his fight with Manny Pacquiao.
Chef Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into Mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast.
The 38-year-old does not follow a structured training regime and prefers to decide when he does things according to how he is feeling.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer.
Gareth Southgate's squad finished fourth in the competition last May.
Aidy Boothroyd will lead the team this time and could include Jordon Ibe.
Juan de Nova discovered the tiny island in the South Atlantic in 1502.
It was a key stopping place for the ships of the East India Company and other vessels - at its peak it serviced a thousand a year.
The island, which is smaller than central Paris has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 of them live in the small capital of Jamestown.
Early next year a £218m airport will open and make this British Overseas Territory no longer so isolated.
Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US.
He accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' and said he was being'secretive' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
Raymond Frolander, 18, jailed for 25 years after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12.
Frolander, who had been molesting boy for years, walked in on him performing sex act on him at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July.
He was seen sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.
The photo was quickly shared thousands of times online after Frolander's arrest.
Now, he has been sentenced to quarter of a century in prison by Circuit Judge Leah Case.
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on Porto pair Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night.
Brahimistain watched Porto in action against Bayern Munich and sent scouts to watch them in the first leg in Portugal last week.
Sandro, a 24-year-old Brazilian left-back, is wanted by Juventus too while Paris St Germain and Bayern have an interest in Algeria winger Brahimi.
Manny Pacquiao stole the show in an advertisement for Foot Locker back in November.
Pacquiao assumed two fellow gym members were talking about a fight between himself and Floyd Mayweather when they said: 'The people wanted it'
Foot Locker have released a follow-up where the Filipino acts as if he is not aware about having actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather.
Tickets for the highly-anticipated encounter sold out within 60 seconds on Thursday evening.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue.
It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes.
One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out.
The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September.
Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Hillary Clinton told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America.
That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
Rhodri moved on a long time ago but was adamant Ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong.
The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger.
Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice.
The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June, and has an estimated 28 million downloads.
Eileen Mason and Margaret Seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire, when an 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence.
The man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of Mrs Mason's scooter basket, before grabbing Mrs Mason by the arm and reaching for her carrier bag.
Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches north-east of Tokyo.
They are in fact a species of dolphin and were found washed up along a 6-mile stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato.
Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
However, social media sites like Twitter have been ablaze with rumours of an impending earthquake.
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday.
Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences.
Researchers at John Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore studied the brains of 24 stroke patients while they listened to 40 sentences of sincere or sarcastic speech.
The patients were asked to identify whether a sentence was sarcastic.
Five of the participants were found to have significant damage here were only able to correctly identify 22 per cent of the sarcastic comments.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield.
Mother Lynne, 49, says taking her daughter to school and back would force her to quit job.
But schoolgirl was offered place at Shooters Grove Primary, two miles away.
Mrs Briggs is now planning to appeal decision made by Sheffield City Council.
Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty.
She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching appeal.
West Ham will move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford for the 2016-17 season.
Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings to fans.
The new TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights.
West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady hit out at suggestions that Jurgen Klopp is set to replace Sam Allardyce.
Aaron Hernandez has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and severely wounding three other.
His arrest for Odin Lloyd's murder was not the beginning of his criminal career - but rather just the first time he's been held accountable for his actions.
The 25-year-old made it out of a tough neighborhood in Bristol, Connecticut, but never seemed to leave the streets behind.
A 2013 Rolling Stone article claimed that he maintained gang affiliation - and even allegedly got a Bloods gang tattoo.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.
The note reads, in part:.
I noticed you left your lights on. The battery will probably not have enough charge to start your vehicle. I left a blue extension cord on the fence and a battery charger beside the fence in the cardboard box'
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini is not the right man at the right time for the club.
City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game.
The signings Manchester City have made have also smacked of small-time thinking.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game - with one of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines.
When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera.
So far, the clip of the singer's emotional encounter has scored more than one million hits.
Nacer Chadli opened the scoring for Tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike.
Harry Kane's 30th goal of the season condemned Newcastle to a 10th loss in 14.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at Liverpool.
The 19-year-old broke into the first team this season.
Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational'
Ibe damaged his knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, Japan, has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places.
Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air.
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving a nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday.
Her black handbag was later found at a park in Dawsholm Park, north-east of the city.
Police yesterday sealed off High Craigton Farm near Bearsden, near Glasgow, in the search for Miss Buckley.
A spokesman for Police Scotland said last night that officers are now following 'a definite line of inquiry'
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave the club.
Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure and Glen Johnson are both out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer.
Martin Skrtel’s future is also unclear as he is yet to agree a new contract with Wolfsburg planning a move for him.
Sean Reardon was stopped by police as he drove through Chico, California.
The 30-year-old claims he was hit with a baton or stick as he lay on the ground.
Video footage shows Reardon appearing to be hit with force multiple times.
It is likely to inflame tensions in America about police brutality.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment.
Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth.
Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Montreal Impact to a credible draw.
Impact need a scoreless draw or a win in the second leg, to become the first Canadian team to win the CONCACAF tournament.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career.
McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends, and the next day travel to the Punchestown festival with JP McManus as a spectator.
A member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet.
The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away.
Th Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, said he was sacked with immediate effect.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house.
But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston.
As he ran away, Slager shot the father-of-four multiple times, killing him.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Coach Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap.
Young quipped that the absence of Leigh Halfpenny meant that Wasps only had ‘about five world-class full-backs to worry about’
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature.
The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year.
Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals.
Also of concern is a review of foreign property ownership.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the Premier League title.
Chilean says his side have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the title race.
Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Four-vehicle pile-up happened in Goodge Street this morning.
It forced the closure of the road near the junction with Tottenham Court Road.
Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his £35,000 Audi A5 outside dealership in Chelmsford, Essex, in February as a warning to other buyers.
Two months later and Mr Beefnah's protest is still there, with the owner claiming that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
The unhappy driver says he parked his car there as warning to others considering buying an Audi.
He is demanding £9,000 to cover the costs of fixing the car, which can reach speeds of 150mph.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety.
Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs.
But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state.
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave.
The Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days' time.
Quentin Letts says William is a 'new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood'
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean.
Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico.
It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere.
And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts.
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times.
As she lay dead on the floor, he called two more vice girls over to his home.
Mathieson then raped them before they managed to flee while still naked.
His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes.
He pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today.
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying.
On Thursday, a coroner's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder.
He then pleaded with his pals, 'Don't tell on me,' because he was afraid of being jailed.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear of Arsenal in the title race.
Louis van Gaal's United have won four of their last five matches.
Chelsea travel to the Emirates for a clash with Arsenal.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Eli and Silas Keslar of Yuma, Arizona, died after falling into a canal on Friday morning.
Friends set up Go Fund Me page after learning about their deaths on local media.
Fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has raised over $10,000.
Beatrize Carrion-Moore is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card.
She was released from Palm Beach County Jail on Sunday after posting a $6,000 bond.
Almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years.
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers.
Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside.
She was caught out by a strong current and rapidly swept out to sea.
New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha.
They then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar.
Queens Park Rangers are in the drop zone of the Premier League with 28 points.
Chris Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season.
Couple fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Essex.
They were convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school.
The unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
Mohamed Diame has been out for four months with a knee injury.
The £3.5m Senegalese midfielder is set to return for Hull on Saturday.
Steve Bruce is pleased to have Diame back as Hull enter the 'tricky bit of the season'
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship.
Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
'Well again, I’m very sorry for what I did. Hopefully someday you all can forgive me. And yes I don’t like it here, you can tell
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder.
The three were also members of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
Authorities say the group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in Ferguson, Missouri, to terrorists.
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts texture.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover.
Aston Villa are currently three points above the relegation zone.
Villa face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Michael Conlan and Paddy Barnes were in action for Italia Thunder in Venezuela.
Conlan was close to pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Barnes is the first Irish boxer ever to qualify for three Olympics.
Britt McHenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'
Just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Sarah Sparkman remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton.
Yann Kermorgant fired the Cherries into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute.
Callum Wilson doubled the lead in the 81st minute with a sublime finish.
The Cherries set a club record 106 goals in all competitions, beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral.
Benaud died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer.
He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone.
The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles.
Metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July.
Her aunt Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court.
The prosecution claim Shanay was subjected to'repeated acts of cruelty'
They include having food shoved in her mouth and being struck with a hairbrush.
Sarina Aziz became agitated on a Transavia Airlines flight from Israel to Luton.
The 19-month-old became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents' lap.
She was strapped in the connector belt required for children under two.
Passenger Mark Aziz said: 'It was like a terrorist incident, I couldn't believe it'
Transavia Airlines say the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle, was the inspiration for the Today hosts’ colorful performances.
Lewis Hamilton has told Nico Rosberg he will do his talking 'on the track'
The pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced.
But Hamilton has adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles.
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California.
Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth before loading them into the dishwasher.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job.
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east.
The Year Eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day, and has not been allowed back into the classroom since.
Ms Parker said her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs.
McCarlland's principal Amadeo Ferra said that the school was sticking by the uniform policy.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman.
Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours.
The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center.
Venues in 15 cities, including Los Angeles and Queensland, participated in the event.
John Frost is a Customs specialist at London airports.
He has had ‘to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you’
As they riffle through travellers’ bags, Frost and his team frequently detect drugs.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness.
Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of third-floor window 'without hesitation' after eating pot brownie.
At least 15 Fortune 500 companies managed to get through 2014 without owing a penny in income taxes.
What's more, most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure.
The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson.
Hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son.
Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class.
However according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm.
'Y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class. #hailstate [sic],' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday while sharing a photo of Roman grilling.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX.
Ronaldinho scored twice in quick succession during the match.
Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura after 3-0 win.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent.
Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour.
They then compared the results with the effects caused by a common floral fragrance known as phenylethyl alcohol.
The German study found that Hedione activated a specific hypothalamic region, in women more strongly than in men.
Comfortably Numb numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds.
The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water.
A commonly used medicated topical patch takes about an hour to work, whereas their new device 'works on the order of seconds and minutes'
Gloucester fly-half James Hook hasn't given up on a Wales recall.
The 29-year-old has won 77 Test caps for Wales since 2011.
Hook has made just two starts for Wales - against the Barbarians and Tonga.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer.
Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched Toner.
Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Aston Villa's young talent.
Ri Sol-Ju seen clapping next to her smiling husband Kim Jong-un during a football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday.
Match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather.
The Kim dynasty has ruled the isolated state for nearly seven decades with an iron fist and pervasive personality cult.
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
He said: 'I'm over the moon to be coming north'
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado is from Chiapas, Mexico, and moved to Provo about a month ago to study English.
There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said.
The woman's uncle, Rosemberg Salgado, from California, tearfully begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to election.
But he said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' with voters.
Ukip has seen support slump from 16.75% in November to 12.25% today.
Mr Farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent.
An experiment on the ISS will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity.
In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull.
The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
Three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in Ogulpinar.
The youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11.
Lucy was the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found.
The 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia.
A new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday.
They trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars.
For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect'
They managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN's World Meteorological Organization.
As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016.
The Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile because of the storm.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations.
The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
Thorpe Park has launched the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze.
Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
The experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec and there are gold stars to be won.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there, the project's British producers said Wednesday.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally.
Paris Picnics makes it easier for tourists to enjoy the French capital like a local.
Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online.
Each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the lunch club.
The 67-year-old was seen arriving at Coningsby Community Hall yesterday.
Her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
Couple said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of tattoos.
Claims she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success.
Says she wants a well-wisher to pay for laser treatment - and will have to stay on benefits until then.
Iain Mackay, 40, believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death.
Also understood to have clashed with man who was seen talking to girlfriend.
Incidents happened in Hua Hin, 120 miles south-west of Bangkok.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic.
He realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in child support payments.
Mr Bird said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000.
Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1.
Thibault Courtois was exceptional in Chelsea's win over QPR.
The Belgian goalkeeper has struggled in recent weeks.
His poor touch allowed Abel Hernandez to score against Hull on March 22.
Courtois has also faced criticism for failing to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke.
Golmud, in north west Qinghai Province, was left covered in a remarkable red haze when the sand cloud blew across the city yesterday.
The sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards.
China's National Meteorological Centre has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit northern regions.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm Sunday after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso.
The 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck.
He was taken to UCSD Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving home in Burnley.
He was with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from school.
Moore then jumped out of his car and punched Mr Cielka through his window.
Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased car.
Finally, he armed himself with hockey stick and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him'
Moore admitted assault by beating, destroying £100 worth of fencing and damaging his car.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft.
The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'
And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys.
Vesta is so large compared to other asteroids that is sometimes referred to as a minor planet.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey braved Taliban fire to rescue wounded comrade.
The 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the award.
It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient.
The self-styled Mirreyes post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name.
They are often the sons and daughters of members of Mexican high society.
The images of wealth are shocking as households take in an average of $12,850 per year after taxes.
A doctor's wife and a student plunged from their flats into the basement below.
Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column.
Three people were injured and a main road in Sheffield was closed off.
Two developers Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each today.
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston.
The 59-year-old worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to 'gender discrimination' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial.
ESPN.com asked 103 tour professionals who they would not help in a fight.
Watson, who is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week, got double the number of responses of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent)
Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth.
Photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors.
It was supposed to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans and cause ordinary electronic devices to malfunction.
But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned.
A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
Gigi Hadid said Kendall Jenner has a good sense of when to stand up.
The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials.
His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990.
Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar reading a text message.
She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was thrown.
Witnesses said Jordan Goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room, as if throwing a cricket ball.
Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye.
Goode sobbed as he admitted wounding and escaped with a suspended jail term.
Manchester City players trained on Wednesday ahead of West Ham clash.
Sergio Aguero and Yaya Toure looked in good spirits.
The duo are reportedly willing to listen to offers in the summer.
City lost 2-1 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
BMW Mini’s Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see.
For example, the goggles project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
The goggles are connected to a smartphone so that wearers see an icon when they have a new text message, which can be read out in the car.
An ‘Augmented Parking’ feature projects images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror to the glasses to help drivers park close
Miliband set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers.
Cuts rent rises and give local people priority for new homes.
But he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on.
Tom Cairney opened the scoring for Blackburn Rovers against Leeds United.
Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing added second-half goals.
Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall.
Hull KR beat St Helens 28-20 at Langtree Park on Saturday.
Jamie Shaul scored a long-distance try to seal the win.
Jordan Rankin added the extras to make it 6-0.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz.
He said that he wants to have her thrown in jail.
Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel.
Perth Glory fans will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC on Friday night.
Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10pm in the clash at nib Stadium in Perth.
Aidan Turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique.
He has admitted that he did not wear mascara to enhance his seductive stares.
New images have emerged of him sporting a much thicker chest of hair.
Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end.
She said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false'
Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world.
McIlroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming Masters on April 9.
SNP leader insists she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
She vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way.
Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' the Tories out of power.
English Bulldog named Hazel attempts to get the better of a washing basket.
Filmed in a front room, the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket, which sits on its side.
With its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it before quickly running around in a circle.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
But it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire.
It effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia - something Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed in 2012.
Jeremy Clarkson was due to host Have I Got News For You on April 23.
Producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear for hitting producer Oisin Tymon.
But he has not been banned from appearing on the BBC altogether.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Winterburn believes Wenger would be a perfect fit for Arsenal.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder used by the family for lightning purposes.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, roughly 40 miles from the pond searched Friday.
The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished.
Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of her.
Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday.
The pilot, Doug Hughes, was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago.
Hughes was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic.
The women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves.
Cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths.
Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams.
Patterns appearing on both the very large and very small scale are rare in nature.
But researchers have found such a pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles in Namibia.
‘It's a completely amazing, strange match,’ said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan.
Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form.
Marilyn Zuniga apologised for allowing her third grade class to pen letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal after he collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy, New Jersey.
The 60-year-old is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend.
Her body was found on a farm north of the city, sparking a four-day police search.
Hundreds of mourners attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today.
A man, believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckley's death.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2.
The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m)
The five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $13.2m, roughly three times the previous highest amount.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband.
Clark prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' as she searched the field.
She named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem a 'hallelujah diamond' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something.
Eloise Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol.
Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat.
Doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later.
Mother Fiona Parry has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of Chinese grid girl Liu Siying.
But the 23-year-old said she wasn't offended by the stunt and was just doing her job.
Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' and called on him to apologise.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage'
In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position.
Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave'
His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid deal.
He suggested Miliband had only rejected idea because he was 'under pressure'
He said all parties would have to face 'electorate's judgment' after May 7 election.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Tinie Tempah was billed as 'an exclusive and intimate gig with one of Britain's most talented performers'
Fans paid nearly £40 to see the star perform in Canterbury last night.
He arrived late and then spent just a few minutes on stage before leaving.
Club Chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused Tinie of breaking his contract.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs.
Her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on petrol forecourt.
Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath seat.
A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene.
Bastian Schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during Bayern Munich's 1-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
The midfielder limped off with an ankle problem but Bayern said it was not too serious.
Bayern face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German has been linked with several Premier League jobs.
Mourinho insists he has no idea where Klopp will end up.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca.
But it was shelved after it proved ineffective in treating certain tumours.
Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease.
The Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45)
It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie.
The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm), which means it will work with the iPhone 6, but not the iPhone 7 Plus, for example.
Immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as Oculus Rift, which is expected to launch a consumer version'soon'
Furious 7 has raced to.
the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6.
million in its opening weekend.
It blew past the $95 million debut of Captain America:.
The Winter Soldier, and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise.
Andy Murray will marry girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The Scot posted a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers on Twitter.
Murray's friend and fellow tennis player Jamie Delgado also tweeted how the Scot has been preparing for the big day.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games left.
Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title.
Hart won his 50th cap against England on Tuesday night.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband David sporting grey hair.
It was due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard.
With his 40th birthday just around the corner, it seems David is embracing his age with style, and he's not the only one.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter, 52.
She bought £1,000-trip before doctors said she needed 18-week course of chemotherapy.
Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, was told she could die within months from breast cancer.
EasyJet has since apologised and refunded the extra cost for switching flights.
Aaron Ramsey was relieved after Arsenal fought their way past Reading in extra time to return to the FA Cup final.
Alexis Sanchez's two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici, saw the defending champions through despite Garath McCleary's goal for the Royals.
Melbourne brand 'Elliott Label' is hitting the big time in Hollywood with Drew Barrymore a fan.
Kylie Gulliver, a former model and actress had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years, before a very modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune.
The 29-year-old's brand Elliott Label is now adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew.
Barrymore's favourite pieces from their label are said to include the a leather blazer (the one seen worn by Antin at their launch) and a motorcycle
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Hull.
But fell and hit his head and fractured his skull and suffered bleed on brain.
He was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later.
His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England team.
Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England.
England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on.
Aljaz Bedene has been granted British citizenship by the International Tennis Federation.
British No 1 Andy Murray says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking.
Bedene's ineligibility for the Davis Cup team has made it less of an issue.
Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence began taking the photos when Wil was just months old.
He created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Joe Hart has labelled Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game'
Manchester City goalkeeper Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon.
Christy Mack, 23, claims MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive four months into their one-year relationship.
Mack was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and missing teeth, and a fractured rib.
She is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
In strongest hint yet that they could work together, Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal.
Mr Farage said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation.
Charity runners taking part in Bournemouth Bay 10K run were left exhausted.
They were sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour after a race marshal took a toilet break during the event.
Instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route.
Bournemouth Borough Council appealed for those affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit.
Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
Ward did not address or take questions about the lawsuit but focused her comments on her love for her son.
Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent.
The temperature was recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Ice shelves in West Antarctica have lost as much as 18 per cent of their volume in the last ten years.
Gary Johnson took over as Cheltenham Town manager on March 30.
He wrote 'I promise to do all I can to keep them in the league' on an A3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it.
Cheltenham occupy 23rd in League Two and trail 22nd placed Hartlepool United and the safety places by a point.
Comcast is reportedly planning to 'walk away' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government.
An announcement from the telecoms giant could come as early as tomorrow.
The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers.
Alan Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 Premier League games.
Pardew has no plans to leave Selhurst Park in the near future.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn returns to the ring.
The 51-year-old joined in a pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional.
Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor.
Scientists have joined individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips together to create a single complete 3D map.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet.
Individual stereo and colour images from a total of 89 Martian orbits were combined to create the map.
Warning signs have been put up in the municipality of Lastres, north-west Spain.
They show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line.
The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game.
The Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.
Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police, when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day.
Employees working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model and the Sport model.
It does not apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the US.
The plans were leaked to Apple fansite 9to5Mac in which Tim Cook said: 'I know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an Apple Watch for yourselves, and
Jean-Marie Le Pen said Marine Le Pen'may want me dead'
The 87-year-old is honorary president of the far-right party Front Nationale.
Mr Le Pen is known for his anti-semitic views, and was found guilty of Holocaust denial in 2008.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger insists his side must be perfect until the end of the season.
The Gunners are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Luis Enrique only took charge of Barcelona last summer, signing a two-year deal.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Enrique.
The 44-year-old is only six games away from winning the La Liga title.
Yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State.
More than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk.
They were taken by Isis militants last June after they attacked their villages.
Hundreds have been able to return, either by fleeing or being set free.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in London today.
The former Top Gear host had tried to put a ticket on his borrowed supercar.
But the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket.
Clarkson, 55, was sensationally sacked from Top Gear last month.
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory.
The 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures.
But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum'
He has received 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public's support.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of Sunday's London Marathon.
But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race.
The 41-year-old's world record of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years later.
Sunday's race will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon of her career.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League.
The QPR boss says if he was a betting man he would put a bet on Villa staying up.
Sherwood and Ramsey worked together at Tottenham for four years.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project.
The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs.
It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Hillary Clinton sat to talk with three young Iowans at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday – all of whom were driven to the event by her Iowa campaign's political director.
Campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city.
Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.
The three got the lion's share of Mrs. Clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable'
Union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children.
Some teachers have to use Google translate to make lesson plans in other languages.
Also said English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
Warner Bros dropped plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series in 2012.
Three years on, the project is back on track - this time with Sony.
The eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes.
Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was sent flying to the ground.
He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen.
Manuel Pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer.
Patrick Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.
Vieira has worked with some of the best managers in the business.
Ross McCormack gave Charlton the lead after eight minutes with a superb long ball by Michael Turner.
Matt Smith curled the ball over the top of Charlton goalkeeper Stephen Henderson in front of the 1620 travelling fans.
Johann Gudmundsson fired his 10th goal of the season into the top right corner.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P.
On Saturday the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby.
It had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface.
During the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth.
‘Not the best month to choose to go dry…’ Rosetta project
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear.
A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on Thursday morning.
The 18-year-old had a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation.
Ferguson's double somersault horror fall from Merrion Square has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in the Red Sea city of Hurghada.
Unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane, a witness said.
Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed by an armed officer.
Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen in Shoreditch, London.
Dishes include tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut.
All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Sterling if they sell the 20-year-old.
Should Sterling leave for one of the Premier League's big three, then the other two will focus on trying to persuade Bale to leave Madrid.
Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer.
Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Arsenal's Theo Walcott.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead outside his home in Miami Gardens on February 15.
Video shows shell cases flying as police officer Eddie Trimino shot him.
Police said they were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force'
But video appears to show him trying to flee before he was fatally shot.
His family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court.
In 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience.
Travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on Amazon, says Skyscanner's CEO and Co-Founder Gareth Williams.
Plane manufacturer, Airbus, recently predicted the development of travel trends over the next 50 years and their planes look like something out of a sci-fi film.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter on September 7, 2014.
She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain.
One of her alleged attackers, Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation.
On his behalf, Hawchar's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges, including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm.
Researchers at Sheffield University analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity.
They found obese people fall into one of six categories: Heavy drinking males, healthy females and the 'unhappy anxious middle-aged'
The 'physically sick but happy elderly' group had a higher prevalence of chronic health conditions including osteoarthritis, diabetes and high blood pressure.
Footage shows Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch.
After coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen in Stratford, East London, last night.
The Hungarian national, who came to the UK six months ago, was traced this morning.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg.
The egg measures 1.8cm and is smaller than a 5p coin.
Shannon keeps seven hens at her family home in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight on Saturday.
Puerto Rican-born Garcia has a 29-0 (17 KOs) record and holds the Ring Magazine, WBC and WBA (Super) Light Welterweight titles.
The 27-year-old knocked out Rod Salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-1 with 17 KOs.
Classic FM presenter John Suchet has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis.
She was diagnosed with dementia in February 2006 and died in April 2015.
The broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter'
Fans took to social networking site Twitter to offer their condolences.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk.
They are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old Catholic leader.
The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots, which see her don a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick.
Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy on Tuesday.
The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser.
Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning.
The 37-year-old returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening.
Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday.
Police have released a photo of Jessica smiling as an investigation is launched into her disappearance.
Kieran Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer.
The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson.
Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Eco Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1.
They were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft, which Nasa hope will be in operation by 2017.
Tracey Cox offers advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart.
Says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday night.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for the Blues before Dominic Solanke doubled the lead.
Abraham then restored Chelsea's lead on 20 minutes after Isaac Buckley had restored parity.
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies.
It's all change for Kevin Sinfield as he switches codes from League to Union.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool.
Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice.
Liverpool are seven points adrift in the race for the Champions League places.
'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old Precious Richardson Coleman, according to family members.
Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in Nicetown, Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her.
That's when Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle.
The unattended stove went up in flames, causing a housefire that consumed both the Spences' home and a neighbor's, before firefighters extinguished the blaze.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in the 19th minute.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were suspended for the semi-final.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow.
The Spaniard was taken to hospital to be assessed but no fractures were found.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter.
She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia.
Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
Bobby Flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife Stephanie March just $5,000 a month - despite a personal worth of more than $20million.
The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively small sum for five years.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes.
The group, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of one of the group
Charles and Camilla married a decade ago at the Windsor Guildhall.
They are spending their anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside.
The intimate shot marks not 40 years of marriage but 10.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island.
Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Roberto Martinez is unconcerned that Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with Mino Raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation.
Raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game, with Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli among his high-profile clients.
The Italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million.
U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner in a seven-page letter that Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment.
Lerner has long been in the GOP's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status.
Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra scrutiny, slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years.
The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee had subpoenaed Lerner after
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen.
The 43-year-old wore a purple dress beneath a black jacket and gloves.
She spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother Henrietta Donaldson at 25.
A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat.
The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate, contains a staggering 548,000 calories, and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes.
Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year.
There were 74 passengers and seven crew on board Asiana Airlines flight OZ162.
Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on runway.
Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul.
Adam McBurney was not at his home in County Antrim when it was targeted.
Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
Sgt. Daniel Knapp received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink.
The Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that Knapp has fallen foul of.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season.
Real Madrid take on Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Benzema shared a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time'
Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde.
In 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House – just to serve the Royal residence.
It is now a five-bedroom family home, currently on the market for £625,000.
The Queen's horse made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes at Newbury on Friday.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannon’s Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap.
The Queen had her fingers firmly crossed for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses.
Wigan beat Wakefield 40-22 at the Rapid Solicitors Stadium.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick for the Warriors.
It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane's men.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars.
He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli in the Coppa Italia on Wednesday.
Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final.
Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour.
He revealed that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee.
Klemmer meanwhile was sin-binned after crowding in on Sutton alongside Graham and yelling 'You're off your f****ing face,' at the lead referee.
Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading.
There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder.
They can sell for as much as £6,000 each - far more than the £28 fee that Sweden’s government charges for new or renewed travel documents.
Jourdan, 24, revealed in an interview that she was bullied as a teenager.
The London-born supermodel used to feel 'physically sick' looking in the mirror.
As a result, she was home-schooled for a while and dropped out of school.
Became the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season.
The 19-year-old has made overtures from Republic of Ireland and England.
Grealish has met Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and held a friendly chat with Roy Keane after winning the country’s Under-21 player of the year award in Dublin last month.
Aston Villa may be able to sign Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million.
The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba.
Andone was born in Romania but moved to Spain when he was 12.
Researchers at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain – an observation in previous studies.
The experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others.
They found that Long-Evans rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to makes decisions.
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol.
Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was 'integral to the lifestyle of cocaine, sex and parties'
Hoey ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council.
Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the Court of Appeal.
But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
They claimed the eviction 'violated' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016.
More than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at events around the country between February 28 and March 9.
Punters were quick to make fun of festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible.
Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son since 1986.
The claims came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell.
A new video of Rihanna appears to show the star preparing a suspicious substance and holding her nose.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, show the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris St Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday.
Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to step down.
Geronimi said: 'If you want to be president of a League with 41 clubs instead of 42, you must go'
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day.
'That’s why I’ve committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said, throwing a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions.
The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators.
Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the Colorado Gator Farm, said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
He has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent.
The miniature chocolate amphibians, which weighed a plump 20g two years ago, will now weigh just 12g.
It is the latest product to feel the pinch in the declining confectionery world.
New York Mets closer Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol.
The 25-year-old right hander, who is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow, will not be able to play again until at least July.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre.
These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel.
But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the match early in the first half.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him.
Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon.
PM urged audience to support West Ham during election campaign address.
But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards.
Cameron has been a Villa fan since his teens and was taken to Villa Park aged 13 by his uncle Sir William Dugdale, who was club chairman from 1975 to 1982.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of.
She also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated.
Sharpe also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever'
British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the New York Theatre Workshop.
The 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with television.
Roberto Carlos won the Champions League three times in five seasons with Real Madrid.
The Brazilian won the trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002.
Carlos has picked Iker Casillas, Cafu and Fabio Cannavaro as his dream team.
Remo midfielder Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup.
The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football.
Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike.
Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine.
Navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning.
It fired some warning charges the size of grenades and fired them at 3am.
The incident comes just months after Sweden suspected Russia of sending a vessel into waters close to the capital Stockholm.
Man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures, but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free.
Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash in Southam, Warwickshire.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders.
The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year.
Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas.
Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued.
Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit.
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple.
The video was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families.
Sky Sports' drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield, the home nations international Under 16 tournament.
The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect.
Sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format.
Referee Martin Atkinson travelled in business class on return from Munich.
West Ham are closing in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford.
The 17-year-old was invited to train with West Ham's academy earlier this month.
Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles.
Police noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
The two cars ended up in a dead end road and that's when Delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery.
John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally.
The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape.
In the article, titled 'A Rape on Campus', Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
A recent investigation by the Charlottesville Police found no evidence to support her story- including the fact that the man who brought her to the frat the night of the alleged incident doesn't seem to exist.
Scot's College has been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university.
Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses.
Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal.
The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to buy them.
Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share.
That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Steven Gerrard left the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy.
Kolo Toure says Gerrard will deal with the reality of losing a trophy.
Massage your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration, massage therapist Suzi Cinalli says.
Massage reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension.
Ipswich Town left back Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity.
The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account.
Mings replied two minutes later: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work'
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country.
Alaska is second with $72,237, followed by New Jersey with $70,165.
The top five is completed by Hawaii and the District of Columbia.
People with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier, on average, than those who had no sleep problems.
The condition causes the muscles in the airway to contract during sleep, which cuts off the air supply, usually resulting in a heavy snore.
Leeds Rhinos have sent full back Zak Hardaker on an anger management course.
A student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in February.
Hardaker and team-mate Elliot Minchella both paid £200 in compensation and wrote a letter of apology to a 22-year-old man following a police investigation.
Leeds said Hardaker's punishment is far stronger 'given his previous misconduct'
Security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted.
Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference in San Francisco.
The vulnerability means that a hacker can access the kernel, or core, of the Android operating system.
Once inside they can monitor all data sent to and from the phone, as well as data recorded by the handset's sensors, including the fingerprint scanner.
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham last month.
Reid had been linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.
The 26-year-old is set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/2017.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open.
The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children due to personal beliefs may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes.
The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day-old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
For his latest book, the Japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, is a maths teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas.
She was arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student.
Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also 15, accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after washing machine broke.
The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt.
She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid, according to researchers from the California Institute of Technology, George Washington University and the University of Washington.
Despite earning millions, former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager.
'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***'
Brendan Rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at Blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington.
The Anfield boss had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish, but the house was left to rot.
Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves for the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon.
Gary Neville described the trio as a 'weed' in City's garden.
Manchester City lost for the fourth time in six Premier League matches.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night.
Former Chelsea striker Samuel Eto'o set up Roberto Soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark.
Soriano scored from the edge of the box with an emphatic finish.
Every year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic.
It’s the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city.
The Old Town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to record a message from the tooth fairy for his seven-year-old son, Evan.
Mr Hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message.
Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled ‘Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life’
She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance.
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League.
The Blues lead the table by six points, with a game in hand.
Chelsea face Stoke City at home on Saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season.
Diego Costa is back in training but could not be fit enough to start.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed that the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job.
In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job and in Estonia, one of least generous, only around 40% did.
People who are hungry are more inclined to support the welfare state policies that help the poor.
London Mayor today launched the Tory campaign in the capital.
Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home.
Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while Greens wanted a return to'somewhere around the bronze age'
Mr Johnson was mobbed by fans at the launch in Mill Hill, North London.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls.
'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it'
Mccombs said that the next thing he knew, Musick was attacking Day.
The restored 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored.
Despite its appearance it remains attractive prospect for many car enthusiasts by offering the rare chance to restore a virtually-untouched DB4.
The restoration project will cost upwards of £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827secs.
Lewis Hamilton finished 16th in Friday's practice session at the Bahrain International Circuit.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF.
The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
More than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq, report finds.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda.
The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory.
Felix the cat was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks.
His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate.
The couple had launched a desperate search for their pet after he disappeared following a 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the annual Celtic player of the year awards dinner on Sunday night.
The Norway midfielder is delighted with the Hoops'special' season.
Ronny Deila's side went eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table with a 3-0 away win at Dundee United on Sunday.
Bojan Krkic's knee injury ended his Stoke debut season in January.
Stoke striker has been keeping up-to-date with the Premier League.
Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers.
Click here for more Premier League news.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour.
The operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful but when Marina returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog, she noticed lots of bruising on the its back.
Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn, and is expected to have a skin graft.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico in the Spanish derby.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Arturo Vidal scored the only goal of the game in Juventus' quarter-final win.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America.
With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person.
Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following his storming start to the new Formula One season.
Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together.
Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix this weekend.
The #NotAnAprilFools feed was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys.
It is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke.
Girls' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes, while boys are encouraged to make burgers.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side have struggled in the second half of the season.
The Dutchman needs to sign Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender this summer.
Manchester United need to replace Michael Carrick in their midfield.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services.
For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
A new staff report by Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee says the IRS diverted millions from taxpayer services and other areas to pay for President Obama's health law.
Stuart McCall's Rangers currently lead the way in the Scottish Championship.
Rangers have a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South.
McCall is happy to see a peaceful resolution reached after the row raised by the Scottish Professional Football League's messy meddling with the Championship fixture list.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp performed The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own.
The pair were a hit together at Liverpool during the 1990s.
Redknapp was equally adept on the mic as the pair entertained the audience with their rendition of the rap.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day.
But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home wives when it comes to sharing the burden.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter.
The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head.
While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated on the ground nearby.
It is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there.
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since fugitive stole files.
Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications.
Henry Jackson Society has found at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications.
Lane Smith, 26, died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014.
He left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend, Sierra Sharry, and their unborn son Taos.
Sharry took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery.
From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming’s bulging wallet.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine.
Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire.
He was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police.
Lacasse posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media.
Jessica Ainscough, 30, died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer.
She was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and 'giggling and drinking green smoothies' in her hospital bed until the day she died.
Her partner Tallon Pamenter said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple - who were planning to marry this year - had been through.
'This was a risky and tough decision, but Jess bravely embraced this last chance option,' he said.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in International Champions Cup.
Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will be taking part.
The pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and August 5.
Manchester United’s match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch Real Madrid at the Big House.
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families.
Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children.
Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan to knock their kids out.
Dubai is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine, some of the best hotels on the planet, and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card.
Despite the restrictions of local religious laws, the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination.
In recent times, the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Ander Herrera scored twice in Manchester United's win against Aston Villa.
Herrera started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played.
David Moyes wanted to bring Herrera to Old Trafford on deadline day in August 2013 but red tape scuppered his ambitions.
The 25-year-old has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola were deep in conversation during a Barcelona training session a few years ago.
Mourinho was Bobby Robson’s assistant at Barcelona and Guardiola was in his final years as a player at the Camp Nou at the time.
The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Robson in 1996 is breeding managers.
Luis Enrique faces Laurent Blanc at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show.
For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city.
Her chest is a ball pit, and there is also an area for youngsters to test their climbing skills and play on a slide.
Todd Larson, 55, told Daily Mail Online he had parked his Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25.
Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am.
Mr Larson said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the incident and when the plane was flying above his home.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia.
Chapple first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography.
Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation.
In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of himself'missing' the Eiffel Tower on 4chan.
The Belgian food blogger asked users to 'improve' his photo.
Since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up connecting his finger with the tower.
Actor Aidan Turner leads the way as Captain Ross Poldark in Game of Thrones.
Actor Kit Harington plays Jon Snow in the HBO fantasy epic.
Danish actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau plays wild-man Jaime Lannister.
Cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011 – in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes.
The news comes as cigar use rises in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house.
The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was fired from her job at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31.
A man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head, demanding money.
The robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register.
Now Popeyes have offered Holcomb $2,000 in backpay, since she has been out of work for almost one month.
Seven babies and three mothers died at Oldham Royal and North Manchester General.
Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership.
Lisa Parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth in April last year.
Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth.
North Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust has asked investigators to look into it.
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
Incredibly, the challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record.
But the athlete also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Sudan, 43, is the last surviving male northern white rhino left in the world.
Rangers have even cut off the rhino's horn - but they fear it won't be enough.
The reserve of Ol Pojeta in Kenya specialises in the conservation of rhinos.
The Columbia Journalism School is expected to release a review of the discredited story Sunday night.
Author Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who went to ground as row erupted, issued an apology in the wake of the review, admitting 'I did not go far enough'
Her piece credulously recounted the story of an anonymous student - referred to as Jackie - who said she was lured to the Phi Kappa Psi house and raped by a gang of seven men.
Minute-long clip shows S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth.
Small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of Russia.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC.
It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil.
Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening.
Jeremy Mathieu opened the scoring in the 73rd minute.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass towards Sergio Busquets.
Viktoria Charkley's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father.
He posted the brief video, which has so far garnered more than four million views, to his Facebook page on Saturday.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family.
This roundup of events from across the country will provide fun everyone and make sure the kids are worn out in time for bed.
The 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week.
The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide, NBC Bay Area reported.
It is unknown how the whale died but it does not appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in 1972.
He was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free.
Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis, and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine.
However, he says, he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer.
Bruce said he was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in Denmark but had a change of heart after meeting Kris, the ex-wife of famed LA attorney Robert Kardashian.
Monaco host Juventus in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Leonardo Jardim's side lost 1-0 in the first leg in Turin last week.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can overturn the deficit.
Many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos.
Ukip leader will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa, it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain.
A source close to Mr Farage said he was taking time out from the campaign trail in Britain to focus the election debate on immigration.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
The prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour.
He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison.
In January last year Boente made numerous abusive calls to the woman - telling her she was going to die and making threats against her young child.
Deputy Prime Minister said there was a'very real danger' that Ukip and Northern Ireland's DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament.
Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night - as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
The 56-year-old, who describes herself as a 'closet comedian', has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday.
The blonde bombshell took that infamous tumble during her Brits performance and now she's bombed slightly during her stand up routine on The Today Show.
Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City on Saturday.
Cesar Azpilicueta believes the Blues have shown their strength since 'day one'
Jose Mourinho's side have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their opener back on August 18.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits.
Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself on Sunday.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that the 65-year-old's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday.
Dr Brandt, a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector, was known for working with stars including Madonna, Kelly Ripa and Stephanie Seymour.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago.
Within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare.
Photography student asked unemployed Mark Ray, 56, to turn it down.
But was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated in violent threats and stalking.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman's ignoble pursuit of two women.
Theobald mounted his play at Drury Lane Theatre in London on December 13, 1727, claiming it was a re-working of an original by the Bard and that he had three original texts.
But a new study of its language'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
Sinbad the kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford.
They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten, who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening.
A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Kincannon's wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle'
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Shay Given has been selected each round of the competition, beginning under Paul Lambert.
Brad Guzan, Villa’s No 1, suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel, before being left out of the final against Manchester United.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day.
Developer Peter Prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort, built in 1867, and also for visitors to experience the stunning views.
The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft.
Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language.
Paddy Morrall spotted the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board.
The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board.
Manchester United have made an official approach for PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depay.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for the Dutch giants.
Louis van Gaal is keen to sign Depay as one of his first signings this summer.
Click here for more Manchester United news.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Thursday night.
Stuart McCall has warned his players to be on their guard against Livingston.
Rangers travel to Livingston in the Championship on Wednesday night.
Eden Hazard picked up the PFA Player of the Year award at the Grosvenor Hotel in London.
The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions this season.
Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and signed a five-and-a-half-year deal in February.
Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas.
For months after his death, police and other agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site.
But new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.
The leaked official records reveal for the first time:.
Last night, claims of a cover-up intensified when the documents uncovered by the MoS also revealed no traces of carbon monoxide had
England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion.
Brown has been ruled out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale.
The 29-year-old is not expected to face Bath the following week.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea does not blame Brown for the injury.
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week.
The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access.
Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix.
They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems.
These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype.
The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against Oxford MCCU on Sunday.
Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have had their say on the 34-year-old's chances of a return to the Test arena.
Pietersen's impressive return to long-form cricket 14 months after his England sacking was timely, on the eve of the first Test against the West Indies.
Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South.
It was an especially flat display after the high of recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
The Light Blues remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference.
Sean Dyche insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor.
The Burnley boss has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby.
Dyche says he is not looking further afield at the Clarets.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco have shown you don't need to buy big.
Jardim's side face Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday.
Juventus are bidding to reach their first Champions League semi-final for 12 years.
A measure proposed to the Oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels, about as loud as a school cafeteria.
It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'The Perfect Body' last year.
More than 27,000 people signed a Change.com petition asking for the initiative to be scrapped.
A few days later, the US lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire.
The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England.
Bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies' favour.
The Senegal striker is currently serving a seven-game ban.
Newcastle are currently 18th in the Premier League table.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain.
She is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office.
In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership.
Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels and rocked coral two-piece by Scottish design label Totty Rocks.
Richard Curry, from Loveclough in Lancashire, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils.
He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic.
In order to make sure that the new nose stayed in place, the 71-year-old had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the Royal Blackburn Hospital.
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, in October.
The pair met in August 2013 when she was waiting for her husband to return.
She was married at the time of the accident, but began dating shortly after.
Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him two months later.
Danel Hall Jr was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog.
The 10-year-old had been walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama.
A third person suddenly started shooting at the aggressive dog, it was claimed.
Stray bullets hit Danel and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
Police from Jefferson County swooped on the scene at 1pm yesterday.
Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke.
Mourinho's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old during Atletico's 2-1 victory against Deportivo.
The highly-rated Spaniard signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side only last year.
Paula Radcliffe will run the 26.2 mile London Marathon on Sunday.
The 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part.
Paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in 2003.
She has never won an Olympic medal and often been let down by her body.
Alex Vella, 61, has been president of the Rebels bikie gang since 1973.
Vella was banned from returning to Australia after the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year.
He has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders stole £17,000 from City firm where she worked.
32-year-old used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon.
She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon in Seychelles.
Saunders, also known as Gabriella Osborne since getting married last September, was jailed for seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'
The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department.
Phillips was released on bail following today's hearing to return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay.
Swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they were rescued.
Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals.
William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the Coast Guard, has improved from critical to serious condition.
Tim Bresnan is keen to give England no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for Yorkshire.
The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14.
Yorkshire beat Notts to win the 2014 LV County Championship.
Surveillance footage at Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Florida, shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on Sunday night.
The man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
Eventually, he was kicked out, but he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer.
Manchester United defeated Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
A handful of City fans were ejected for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster.
The group were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton after she asked for half of the winnings.
But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Police found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on Beaty Street in Fort Worth, Texas.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online.
Whittington's relationship with the toddler has not yet been revealed by police but the owner of Vest Market Harry Dindral said the man was the boy's father and said that he's seen them in the store together before.
The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago, with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment.
Rev. Sharpton preached at the Charity Missionary Baptist Church on Sunday.
He addressed the Walter Scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon.
Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance.
South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak.
Sharpton denied Scott's family barred him from attending his funeral on Saturday.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him.
In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'
As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for him. 'My oh my, that's what meat tastes
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m.
They are working with NGL Energy Partners, the company that owns the site, but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside.
Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half.
Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man.
Duplan protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the pitch and soon made his departure.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season.
The Welshman has scored 17 goals for the La Liga champions.
Bale is out of Real's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico.
Real Madrid have also privately declared their interest in signing David de Gea.
Pictures from Monday's game showed the steel foundations for the new part of the Main Stand now taller than the existing structure.
The new Main Stand will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added.
Two jaguar cubs were unveiled to press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg on Wednesday.
The month-old cubs are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
Their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer’s note.
The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament.
Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991.
A Washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on Friday morning.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5.
'Ay yiy yiy! They're flying all over the place,' a panicked Dubois says. 'It's unnerving, to tell you the truth'
Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops.
Thieves stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process.
Gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers.
They have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine.
The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel.
They found the temperature of the forehead is the best indication of a person’s drunken state and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted at 6pm local time on Wednesday.
It is one of Chile's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under observation.
An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption.
Local authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano, barring access to the area.
Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest.
Freedman replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce in February.
The club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all main parties.
Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan.
Labour left door open to borrowing extra £26billion-a-year.
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars.
Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles, as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory.
Finnish education only did so well before because of influence of teacher-led methods.
But it has slipped down rankings tables as liberal techniques became more widespread.
Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores'
Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila wants to keep Jason Denayer on loan next season.
Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 victory in Israel.
The 19-year-old also faces competition from Vincent Kompany at Manchester City.
Deila confirmed he would look to sign a centre-back and responded to reports that former Rangers player Wilson was among his list of potential targets.
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes against Stoke with thigh strain.
Senegal international has scored 12 goals this season for West Ham.
Enner Valencia is also doubtful to face Manchester City on Saturday.
New coffee table book Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental.
The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London.
For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists.
What's more, the popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Southampton sit seventh in the Premier League with 53 points from 31 games.
Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form.
Southampton host Hull City in the Europa League on Saturday.
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula when she made an unusual friend on the beach.
Despite being no more than two months old, the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs, and Ms Fritz had a struggle sitting upright.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when school of Trevally fish began circling above her.
Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport.
He was accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property.
The 34-year-old also handed over his passport to authorities.
Haye has said the 'bounced' cheque was down to an 'administrative error'
He has not been seen in the ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in 2012.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Brendan Rodgers is looking to win his first piece of silverware at Wembley.
The Northern Irishman believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League semi-final on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 to the Portuguese side in the first leg.
Guardiola insists 'only the treble is enough' for his side.
Bayern are 12 points ahead of Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his camera on the seat.
Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon.
When Aaron got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some operations.
Many have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight.
The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity.
Senior managers at 67 Clinical Commissioning Groups said they were planning to 'limit access' to routine treatment for financial reasons.
Sherrell Dillion has landed herself a place in Top Model of Colour UK final.
Single mother-of-two, who starred on Benefits Street, says she is homeless.
Sheena says she has nowhere to live following mice infestation at home.
Sherrell is currently living in temporary accommodation in Handsworth.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, from Newport News, Virginia, created her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy.
Her Winter Rescue Mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese.
The richness of the cheese will quench the skin and help protect it against weather-induced dryness.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck.
The duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat.
Behind the lamb a number of adult ducks can be seen walking past in a group.
Dr Rory Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
His surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern'
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of the Alderney family doctor.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall.
Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013.
The 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday.
Sam Reese recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show.
22-year-old's crime was to ask his date Kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself.
The action sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter.
'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I'm dead,' he said.
Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight.
After five customers reported having 'thermal incidents', Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately.
This latest safety issue makes Holden the most recalled car brand in 2015, with five recalls in only four months.
Foreign GPs now account for almost one family doctor in five.
But in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds.
NHS faces shortage because many GPs are retiring early.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday.
Footage shows the driver of a black SUV coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere.
As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course.
The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard.
Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo.
In 2007, 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa.
The horns were removed and they were sold on the Asian medicine market.
Prime Minister's wife visited Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent.
Visited special school for three to 19-year-olds with special educational needs.
Mr Cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia.
In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea.
Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before.
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas.
Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'
Paul Gascoigne scored a stunning free-kick against Arsenal in 1991.
It was five minutes into an FA Cup semi-final against the Gunners.
The Tottenham midfielder hit the spot in the top corner of the net.
Gazza would go on to play for England against Scotland at Euro 96.
Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home.
The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services.
Acting CEO Maura Pally defended the foundation's work and pledged to transparency.
She said donations from foreign governments could not be disclosed under Canadian law.
Pally also defended work with the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership.
It received $2million from Canadian chairman of Uranium One, Ian Telfer.
Telfer's donations came at the same time as State Department approved sale.
Harry Redknapp says Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids.
Former QPR boss says Tottenham have not made any progress this season.
Redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Tottenham are currently occupying a place only in the top six.
Red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds.
It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash, became stuck in the wall.
Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow.
The decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday.
Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Yale University researchers have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world.
The interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region, as well as its source.
A 50-year-old Australian man died suddenly on Wednesday after suffering a suspected heart attack while holidaying in Bali.
The man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta.
An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley.
But an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund, but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there.
The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert.
The mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate.
But state Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock `n' roll.
Ashley Pegram, 28, went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, on April 3.
He told Pegram he had kicked her out of his car when she got too drunk.
Pegram's sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day.
She found messages from Bonilla on her Kik account, but when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, Bonilla.
Bonilla has been charged with obstruction of justice.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
This is the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history.
Hundreds of people lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, to remember the 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized this weekend.
An equally emotional memorial service was taking place in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery.
The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800.
Three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
EU leaders will decide how to deal with the migrant crisis during an emergency summit in Brussels today.
A little girl gave Michelle Obama a compliment on Wednesday that nearly every aging woman wants to hear.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age.
'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama. 'You're too young for a 51-year-old!' replied the little girl.
Jimmy Anderson took four wickets to become England's most prolific bowler in his 100th game.
England lost five wickets for 20 runs on the second day of the first Test in Antigua.
Ben Stokes was England's first man to be dismissed on day two when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips.
Rotherham have been sanctioned by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
Elephants are often seen travelling single file, using their trunk to hold onto another mammal's tail in front of them.
But one young elephant decided to go it alone, when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain.
Captured at Whipsnade Zoo, the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path – five of which walk in single file.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper.
The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
Penalties may be increased if the alleged violation occurs in a work zone.
Kim Rose, who is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen, is being investigated by officers after laying out the snacks at an event.
Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes.
Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
The historic setting at Runnymede in Surrey is where King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law.
But just a few hundred yards from the famous setting, dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town.
Squatting on the private land, the group are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011.
Swedish furniture store IKEA forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas.
Staff said the problem has become widespread across China – with management vowing to clamp down on the practice.
NBC News anchor Brian Williams embellished at least 11 different reports, an internal investigation has reportedly found.
The total, cited in media reports, would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military chopper hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity.
Duchess’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey.
Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges.
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday.
Tom Wood's side were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont and Exeter.
Footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group on flight from Glasgow to Alicante.
Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing.
Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party, a man in his thirties, off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain.
All passengers on the Jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway.
FAA conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane.
But tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats.
The distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch.
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home.
Changing the door handles is her first tip.
She tells vendors to de-clutter clothes storage areas, lay new carpet and put images on the wall like you see at 1 Madeline Street, Hunters HIll.
Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011.
The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend.
Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea.
Jason Archinaco and his wife have been sharing their home with P-22 since Monday.
The mountain lion has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in Los Feliz.
It is thought he crossed the 405 and 101 freeways to get there three years ago.
Animal welfare workers have resorted to using beanbags to move the cat.
But they were not rewarded for their patience, and state wildlife officials cleared most media and gawkers away from the area as night fell.
The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace.
Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000.
The former Manchester United and England defender played 19 times for United.
He made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles.
Harry Kane could miss the Under 21 European Championship due to Tottenham playing a friendly in Malaysia next month.
Tottenham have confirmed they will visit Kuala Lumpur to take on a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup.
The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27 - before Tottenham take on Sydney FC the following Saturday.
Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about Kane's burnout.
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France.
He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia.
State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau ruled out negligence as a factor.
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week.
Research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds, who only drink eight a week.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia.
The resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley Hughes.
His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease.
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer has put his family’s Sydney home on the market.
The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV.
Instantly Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’
But official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain – where their country of origin is known – were born overseas.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare bone cancer - in April 2009.
She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility.
After IVF failed, the couple feared they would never become parents.
But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Everton were held to a 1-1 draw by Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium.
Jonjo Shelvey scored the only goal of the game after Aaron Lennon's first-half strike was cancelled out.
Tim Howard insists the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season in the Premier League.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat in Western Sydney fostered Kibulu as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the NSW Zoo where he was born.
Since he arrived at the retreat he has slept most nights in director Donna's bed with 'Teddy'
The sanctuary is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
Bolton fighter has been linked with fights against Kell Brook and Adrien Broner.
Khan said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else.
Algieri lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November.
Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the Great War.
Today, 25 April 2015, Allied troops landed at a point where Asia meets Europe, Anzac Cove, to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train after his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images.
Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her.
The middle school student also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
Hannah Campbell, 30, was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered after a mortar bomb hit a building in Basra in 2007.
Doctors told her she would never conceive again.
But when Lexi-River was ten days old, Miss Campbell suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital.
Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforated.
An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola.
Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions.
The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent, but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.
The 45-year-old Bulgarian now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government.
Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons after the Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996.
The 38-year-old reached out through social media to speak with Simmons and they eventually decided to meet after a phone call.
Mitchell-Clark also found out that she has three biological younger sisters she didn't know about.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion.
But it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties.
The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of €100million (£86million)
ISIS released the disturbing images on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of Aleppo.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before he was shot at point blank range.
ISIS released images of the media activist's brutal execution on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control as happy and carefree.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup.
But he was substituted at half time by Louis van Gaal.
He has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad.
Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life at Manchester United.
Radamel Falcao is expected to leave Manchester United in the summer.
Juventus have ruled out a move for the Colombian striker.
The Serie A champions are interested in Palermo's Paulo Dybala and PSG's Edinson Cavani.
Witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants.
Men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths, police say.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder'
They are from Ivory Coast, Senegal, Mali and Guinea Bissau.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
Federal Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to apply the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple.
The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay.
Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy Australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Florent Malouda has named his #one2eleven players on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club.
The former Chelsea winger chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Malaouda included Chelsea defender John Terry for his leadership qualities.
Gary Goldsmith was with his wife Julie-Ann in Regent’s Park at 8.30am yesterday.
Mrs Goldsmith took her chihuahua, Cheech, for a stroll in Central London park.
As he went for a cycle ride, Mrs Goldsmith and their other dog Keela, four, were walking in the park when a cyclist, listening to music on his headphones, ran straight over Cheech.
Bath face Leinster in the Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday.
George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return.
Leinster's Rob Kearney is a real threat as a strike runner.
Politicians call for a police investigation into the wrong-doing.
Staff deliberately obstructed investigation into payment protection insurance complaints.
They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI.
The agreement between Iran and the West aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief.
Mr Rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal.
He said: 'Everything we promised in the nuclear talks... we will remain loyal to and stand by our promises'
Maureen McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday in a 101-page court filing that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams.
Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding.
Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in
Manuel Pellegrini's side face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Manchester United and Arsenal are interested in defender Dayot Upamecano.
Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain also interested.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September.
Colombia striker has failed to shine at Old Trafford this season.
Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev says United are keeping options open.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to hand over a list of 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status.
The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process.
A partial list was unearthed by USA Today in September 2013, showing that as of 2011 the IRS had questioned the political
An Israeli tourist captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks.
The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania, shows the driver being forced to retreat.
Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
The Italian-inspired mansion, which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains, has gone on the market for $29.5 million.
Homeowner Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills.
The property is so remote that it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea since January 2012.
The England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet.
Cahill believes Chelsea were taught some important lessons last season.
Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional marriage'sets up too many people for failure'
Couples in a 'wedlease' agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years – whatever works for you and your partner'
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of the morning routine for Australian families.
Australian parents spend an average of 140 hours per year getting children breakfast.
The study also found that nut spreads are a popular choice for breakfast loving kids with Aussie kids eating spreads 6.7 times a week.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight.
Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested being fat - with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Tiger Woods returns to competitive action for the first time since February.
Rory McIlroy bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam.
Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer.
Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
It appeared to take Mr Abbott about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Dom Joly was invited to join other celebrities onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg of the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race.
As the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels.
Earlier, Joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by Britain's Olympic medallist, Tom Daley, for TV show Splash!
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto.
Appearing alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova.
The young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.
MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas – known as 'insiders' – highlighted by the Germanwings disaster.
Guidance issued by the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure recommends continuous psychological assessment of key employees.
Mary Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steak dinners at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has curated over 50 intimate portraits of well-known artists with their furry friends.
The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Wales have climbed 15 positions to become world No 22 after beating Israel 3-0.
The Welsh have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at No 3, followed by Argentina.
Costa Rica fell two spots to No 15 but still lead CONCACAF nations.
Anguilla are now the lowest-ranked international side at No 209.
The funeral for NSW teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra.
The parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion.
He knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone.
Ms Scott's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday.
A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea.
Didier Drogba equalised for Manchester United with a header in the 94th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side have now won three of their last five Premier League games.
Tesco chairman John Allan claims David Cameron's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels means the cart is'very firmly before the horse'
He suggested firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly' if Britain exits the EU.
Carla Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in the final.
It's the eighth time that the 12th seed has reached a WTA final.
Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties.
Workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family'
Public and Commercial Services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free, such as leading paid-for tours, carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages.
Discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system.
Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
Both this molecule and its simpler organic cousin hydrogen cyanide were identified in the cold outer reaches of the newly formed disc.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37.
The substitute public school teacher said she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience.
More than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in England for allergic reactions.
More than 21million Britons have some kind of allergy, ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings.
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home at 10.25pm last night.
U.S. Secret Service said the unnamed person was in custody in Washington DC and charges were pending.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle United on Sunday.
Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5.
The ‘hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families.
Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months, up from 52 per cent in the union’s survey last year.
A cross-dressing man robbed a service station in Watervale, Victoria.
The armed robbery was carried out in not very ladylike fashion.
Police have released an image of a man they believe is responsible.
The first farmers came to Europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices, starting in Greece.
But Northern Europeans during the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming, which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent.
Experts from the Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered deadly toxin off 'dark web'
He was unaware online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack.
The 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month.
Christopher Swain embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal on Wednesday in Brooklyn.
Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water but completed only two-thirds of a mile.
The activist said the experience was like'swimming 'in a dirty diaper'
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District.
The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today.
Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
The great commentator began broadcasting for the BBC while still a player in 1963.
Benaud captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade.
The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean, such as sharks and sting rays.
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons.
But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles away.
Mayor of Hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with Newcastle City Council for gross misconduct.
Researchers at the University of North Carolina tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations.
Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9 (or cycles per second)
Amanda Holden, 44, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in 2011 after giving birth to a stillborn baby, Theo, at seven months.
The mother-of-two also had a miscarriage and nearly died after having another child.
In a new interview for Good Housekeeping, she talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as maintaining her youthful appearance.
Holden is best known as a judge of ITV's Britain's Got Talent.
Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour.
Left with no time to get to hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home.
Ruben helped in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
Lisa Williams, 49, found David Coleman, 54, brawling with her brother in street.
The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in.
Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury.
He is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits.
Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said she would step in if he quit.
Denise and Glen Higgs had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment.
Using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon.
It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends.
Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'
Yu The Great founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC.
Legend says that Yu and his wife were brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox.
Over the decade that the statue has been in place, people have been touching the hand of Yu The Great, the fox's back, and wife's chest.
While the rest of the statue is black, the colour of the coating applied to protect the metal has worn away to expose the metal underneath.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday.
Henry Rogers, 22, from Ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest.
After he shed the pounds and slimming down to 12st, he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch, where he was scouted by top agency, Models 1.
Jamie's family urged him to go to a casting following years of taunts about the way he looked - and he managed to get spotted and now stars in the biggest designer's campaigns.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick for Crystal Palace against Sunderland.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for the Eagles in the 48th minute.
Alan Pardew's side now sit fifth in the Premier League table.
Martin Odegaard came on as Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0 on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old will become Real Madrid's youngest ever player.
Odegaard is already a full international for Norway and does not turn 17 until December.
Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action.
The 37-year-old has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago.
Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
The 25-year-old was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989.
He was readmitted three months later, suffering a serious brain haemorrhage.
Maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after the man was born.
At London's High Court today, Judge Michael Yelton approved the £7.3 million settlement, to be paid by the NHS Litigation Authority.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home.
The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'
She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move.
India has pulled off an impressive mission by evacuating nearly 2,000 Indian nationals from Yemen during a gruelling operation.
Former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat.
BJP has distanced itself from the former army chief's views.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia.
Adventure photographer Fredrik Schenholm looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island.
The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing after leaving a Glasgow nightclub on Sunday.
CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Police revealed they have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect.
Miss Buckley's parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help with the search.
Victor Agbafe is currently attending Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina.
The 17-year-old also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well.
Agbafe describes himself as a 'passionate, honest, open-minded individual'
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week.
For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her driver's license photo last year.
After a legal battle, the policy has been changed.
Under the settlement, the DMV also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday.
Daley Blind hailed Wayne Rooney's team talk before the game.
The Dutchman also warned United to focus on the Champions League.
Actor Aidan Turner, 31, stripped off to mow a hay field with a scythe.
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Turner's macho grunts tarnished the view of the usually'sedate' action of scything.
Female fans take to Twitter to complain about Turner's shirtless mowing.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also set to take part.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
The Automated Planet Finder consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph.
Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared.
They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at.
Police said they now consider the case to be closed.
It came after more details emerged of the colorful background of Mrs Costello's late husband's family, who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June.
The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond.
Some people have questioned the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 in stoppage time on Saturday.
Vincent Nogueira scored in the 92nd minute for the Union.
Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal in San Jose's win over Vancouver.
New TNS survey shows SNP has almost doubled lead over Labour in a month.
52% now backing Nicola Sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for Miliband.
Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said.
The BBC's coverage of the semi-final kicked off with footage of the late Sir Laurence Olivier doing the St Crispin's Day speech from the film of Henry V.
The BBC even gave us a moment of history at half-time with a breakdown, something that used to be a regular feature of TV outside broadcasts.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before debate.
But he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into studio.
Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top.
A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically.
It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99.
Ronda Rousey appeared at the Hollywood premiere of Fast & Furious 7.
The UFC bantamweight champion wore a sleek black dress and heels.
Rousey's mother used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his Columbus, Ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years.
Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter.
Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Lianna Barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed.
Barrientos was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first.
Over the past five years passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes.
The funds collected appear to be increasing every year.
Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $383,414.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira.
The mother-of-two, who teaches legal writing, got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions.
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens.
Average one usually contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips.
Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter.
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy.
Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail.
New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym that he owned, is now closed.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole.
The father-of-two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway.
Neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire.
Anthony Bethell, 74, decided he would pay for work to restore hedge in Warwickshire.
Hedge marks boundary between his home and St John's College's land.
Mr Bethell says college has refused to agree with him and has taken college to court.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own car.
Drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair.
Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models  to selfies uploaded by proud grey hair Instagrammers.
The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models.
Tottenham host Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have endured a frustrating start to the season.
Some fans plan to boycott the game in protest against owner Mike Ashley.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool.
He boasted in Welsh he would make'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard.
Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized.
Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron.
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS.
Odegaard was dropped by manager Zinedine Zidane and substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down.
It has been suggested other Castilla players resent the starlet training with the first team three times a week and his superior wages.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere and Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars to walk the red carpet.
McCoy bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at Sandown on Saturday.
Liz Smith, 92, started her career in New York City when she was just 25.
She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg.
Smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner Iris Love for years.
Two of her closest friends were Texas Governor Ann Richard and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, went in search of sperm and egg donors.
Daughter Leila, 10, told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
The schoolteacher from Spandau, Berlin, is set to give birth to quads.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, went from a slim 11.5 stone to 18 stone after tying the knot with Stefan in 1993.
The mother-of-three would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her.
She hid food in the medicine cabinet so her family didn't know what she was doing.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 to win the Stuttgart Grand Prix.
The German came from a set down to outmuscle the Dane.
Kerber won her second title of the season after beating Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova.
Wakefield were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves in the First Utility Super League.
Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players.
The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight defeats.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next Saturday.
Broadcasters are demanding hefty fees to watch the fight for free.
Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions.
Periscope allows users to broadcast live stream to their social media followers.
The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone.
Joshua Quincy Burns was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month.
Joshua Burns and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home.
His now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and ret
Damon Clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping.
He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack.
Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber    for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child, among other charges.
Clay had been released from jail shortly before the incident and was bouncing from friends' and relatives' houses to sleep.
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry clashed with Cairo's Al-Ahly after an Egyptian league match.
An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death.
Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League second leg on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to reach the UEFA Youth League final.
Isaiah Jay Brown scored two goals as the Blues beat Roma 4-0.
Dominic Solanke and Ola Aina also netted for the Blues.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall.
He said they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'
His outburst came less than half an hour into the event.
Some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday.
His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Amir Khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern California.
The Bolton-born boxer posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger.
Khan was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of banks' profits between 2011 and 2014.
Banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers for payment protection insurance scandal.
Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
Total charge for wrongdoing last year was only 8 per cent less than the previous year.
Argentine striker Paolo Dybala has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
The 21-year-old scored his 13th Serie A goal of the season on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger has denied any interest in the forward.
Liverpool are also thought to be interested in the youngster.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career in the 68th minute against Rayo Vallecano.
Portugal forward was booked for diving inside the 18-yard box with the game at 0-0.
The three-time Ballon d'Or winner has scored 99 goals under Carlo Ancelotti in just 89 games.
An elderly man has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital.
John Lahiff believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate.
He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone.
Mr Lahiff says he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile at politician Clive Palmer's Port Douglas golf course.
Jennifer Drew, 31, spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons.
The mother-of-one estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p.
Her obsession with couponing started when she was pregnant with her son Nicholas, now two.
Manchester United's pre-season tour of the United States will see them play Barca, Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG.
Van Gaal was unhappy last summer with the amount of travelling United had to do as they zig-zagged around America, playing games in Pasadena, Denver, Washington, Detroit and Miami.
United will play once again in the International Champions’ Cup, the tournament they won in America last summer.
Collagen-laced beer created by Japanese liquor company Suntory.
Claims to have two grams of collagen per can.
Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
He has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
David Cameron and William Hague to unveil English manifesto tomorrow.
It follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos.
Centrepiece will be pledge to introduce system of 'English votes for English laws'
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four.
He forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
The 31-year-old never revealed her past until her partner Rob asked her if she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature.
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode.
The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Poets House is a swish new hotel in Ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral.
There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds.
The woman known only as Goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals.
Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer, while at the Jaguar Breeding Project.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in England for so long.
The 34-year-old keeps the game simple but has been under pressure.
Carrick's passing tore England apart at the World Cup and he is worshipped in Italy.
Roy Hodgson’s team against Italy looked like he had one eye on the future.
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site.
The botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside.
It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to hospital.
Hugo Lloris has established himself as one of the Premier League's top keepers.
Tottenham are determined to keep the France keeper at White Hart Lane.
United are considering a move for the keeper as fears grow over a David de Gea's future.
The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6million Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains.
They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
It was not until 7,800 years ago that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
These genes were associated with changes in diet, body size and skin pigmentation that underwent natural selection in the past 8,000 years.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel.
The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers.
Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support.
Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading.
The 23-year-old hasn’t featured for the Arsenal first team since November.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on YouTube.
Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize'
He adds: 'My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver'
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members.
The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13, federal health officials said.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th.
But Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp insists their league position after the Klassiker is not his biggest concern.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment.
The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry.
British national arrested as part of operation against Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front, according to reports.
Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week.
Both the prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
He said Britain's privileged judges must be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
His comments came at a time of uncertainty over the place of Muslim traditional dress in the legal system.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the Syrian capital Damascus.
The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years.
His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia.
It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment.
The 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way.
Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues' books, along with two of his brothers.
Jose Mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of Chelsea’s youngsters next season.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday.
It was his second appearance for Peter Beardsley's side since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung.
De Jong is in contention for a seat on the bench at St James' Park on Saturday.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home.
She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect.
Robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident, causing heavy bruising.
On Monday Hunt County Sheriff Randy Meeks posted a statement on the department's Facebook page after the video went viral.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne.
The video of the swimming echidna was posted online by YouTube user Emma B.
According to Australia Zoo, echidnas are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Pound fell to near 1.46 against US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010.
Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament.
There are fears it could send pound plummeting by another 10 per cent.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own.
Bettie Jo, 24, from Houston, Texas, lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce.
She was unable to care for herself, meaning Josh had to do everything for her.
Husband Josh now admits he didn't support Bettie Jo's weight loss.
Alexander Kutner was on safari in South Africa's Sabi Sands with mum Kay Burley.
The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is Sir Richard Branson's private game reserve.
Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Rik Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman.
But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Pankaj Saw, 29, fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday, while talking to his wife in India.
Emergency services were called to the unit block on Cottonwood Crescent at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at Athletic Bilbao.
Herrera joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
The 25-year-old has scored seven goals in all competitions this season.
Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills.
Maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from November 1 through March 31 without an affidavit filed to the Public Service Commission.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued.
The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's boutiques.
She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today.
Paul Smith will fight Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California.
The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Almost all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends.
Nearly two-thirds are not willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries.
Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again.
Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife having her stomach kissed by their son.
The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin - the same name Sergio Aguero picked for his son.
Manchester City are confident UEFA's punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer.
The club have been restricted to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows.
Manchester United, Barcelona, Liverpool and Arsenal have all paid more in transfer fees in the past 12 months than City.
Senators later voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran.
It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers.
The House's top vote counter on Monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the Senate finished the voting process.
Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film.
It charts Manny Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career.
Pacquiao is preparing to take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself.
The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating, while others supported her feet before firemen eventually arrived.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since returning from England duty.
Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Mason has burst on to the international scene in his first full season in the top flight.
Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox this season.
The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August.
Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories against Rangers.
Keanu Reeves visited the Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes.
The Hollywood actor grilled Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey.
Reeves also checked out pitstops and more at the factory with Sky Sports.
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences.
Accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others in Phoenix.
Police launched massive manhunt, locking down a school and college.
Giroux has convictions in three states totally more than eight years.
Aston Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Shay Given will keep his place in Tim Sherwood's side for the final.
Brad Guzan is under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League.
Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies.
The annual memorial day commemorates the six million Jews killed by the Nazis during World War Two.
The glowing blue letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at Sotheby's on Wednesday.
The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008.
Jackson joked that once he saw the size of the letters, some of which are also 10-feet-wide, he realized he might have gotten ahead of himself.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in Ukraine on July 17 last year.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer.
The Frenchman has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh FA.
Vieira has been part of the coaching team at Manchester City since he retired.
Sam Barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex.
The 22-year-old was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men in Sutton Coldfield.
He believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts.
Says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house.
In Australia, 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking.
Around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves either 'beautiful' or 'average'
Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later.
While the town has since been restored, it remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents.
Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator.
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the First Family hiked at Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday.
The unscheduled trip came after the White House had sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where the Obamas had gone.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad'
This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were sentenced to death in 1975.
Bridgeman served 66 years in prison for murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks.
Last year, the trio were exonerated after a 12-year-old boy recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime.
Ricky Jackson, 58, was the longest-serving person ever exonerated.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury.
When she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through'
Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric.
Supermarket has offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with.
Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania, scoring after only 79 seconds, and started last night's friendly against Italy in Turin.
Townsend scored England's equaliser and poked fun at Paul Merson after the former midfielder said he'should be nowhere near the England squad'
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal.
The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon.
He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said.
The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi.
As the manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street.
The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause.
Stuart Lancaster and his assistants are being stalked by calls for Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage to be called into the national squad.
But that is to ignore the coaches’ reservations, and the realisation that the fall-out from a shift in policy would have long-term repercussions.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old.
Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going, had been by his side.
She admitted that it has not always easy integrating him into her existing family, but she said it was worth it.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, is facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt.
A clutch of sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham, Sussex.
Dog owners warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals.
Comes after spate of dog poisonings in Brighton and Hove.
Audrey Pekin says she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali.
The 19-year-old claims she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu.
Alafu lured her back to his remote home and raped her on two separate occasions.
'He went from a man to a monster,' she said.
She had a 'virginity test' at Sanglah Hospital, which she said was similar to a 'third assault'
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp.
Arenson revealed that the Google engineer and Arkansas-native wanted to return to Mount Everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, had no idea she was pregnant.
Had been taking contraceptive pill and continued to have periods.
She kept size 8 figure throughout nine months and had no cravings.
Baby James, now three months, was born in 'three pushes' on bathroom floor.
Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her.
The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way.
Oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday.
Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft.
On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, were left with broken vertebrae.
Pair were attempting risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when Jay lost balance.
He pulled out his friend's parachute and landed inside of it.
Mr Carey was told he may never walk again after being injured.
But a year on both men have returned to the sport they love.
Manny Pacquiao met NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and NBA star Jeremy Lin.
Pacquiao posted an Instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring.
Floyd Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
A suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
The attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people.
He targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians waiting to receive their monthly salaries.
Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted: 'We condemn/deny involvement in both'
Ernest Goult will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture.
The 72-year-old is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game.
Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence.
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious.
She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head.
The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as EMTs treated the fan - placing her in a head brace.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45.
He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche.
Also tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and family.
Graham was jailed last year for killing Ms Brown for her money nine years after her death.
Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which totalled £816,127.86p.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress.
Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind, to gay rights groups and strangers.
But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland - who had backed Claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair.
Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem studied liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech MRI scanner.
Karen Wakefield took daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey.
The mother-of-two is due to appear in court after refusing to pay £120 fine.
She claims her daughter was bullied at Manchester Communication Academy.
George Clooney's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10am Thursday, accompanied by Laila Ali, the wife of the jailed politician, and Jared Genser.
Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Mrs Clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed Maldivian ex-President Nasheed.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago.
The 18-year-old is just under $4,000 away from achieving his $80,000 target on his GoFundMe page.
His family searched for a neurosurgeon who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $80k by Tuesday evening.
In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain.
De Bruyne joined Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £18m in January last year.
The Belgian midfielder has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida.
He has been expelled from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests.
His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, a born-again Christian, slammed for blaming unemployment on the state's Hispanic population during his 2007 election campaign.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla at the Parc des Princes on Saturday.
Neymar was clearly furious at being replaced by Xavi with 20 minutes left.
Spanish media speculated he might be dropped for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, first leg at Paris St Germain.
The technology, which is still under development, could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality.
The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
It has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
New app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users.
Personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes.
Christopher Starrs, 50, was a manager with BT who admitted defrauding the company of £28,000 over two years.
Starrs and fellow BT Openreach manager Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering.
His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook, YouTube and Instagram.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday.
The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the police report said.
Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables at Wincanton on Thursday morning.
The 18-year-old had just a cut on the nose to show for the fall.
Ferguson’s spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Eddie Howe has called on Bournemouth's fans to inspire his side.
The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday.
Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday's home game against Birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has received more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on online abuse.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet takes a philosophical attitude to the online abuse of footballers.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season with his immaculate three-point shooting.
The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history.
He made a staggering 77 shots in the row during a Golden State' drill.
However, the MVP candidate was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
In total, the Ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session - a marked improvement
The girl, who attends Lone Hill Middle School in San Dimas, California, has been kept home by her mother.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University.
Picture of her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign was posted online.
It also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used for those whose mental gender and physical sex match, which is the opposite of transgender.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night.
The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital.
His friend, who tried to help fatally injured him, remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery.
Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat.
A fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets.
The 20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs.
Owner Xiao Qibin started running his goat farm in Chaohu in Anhui Province about a year ago.
Chris Ball made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life on September 14 last year.
The 21-year-old made the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease, which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer.
His brother Jayden found his body along with a USB stick containing the video which simply said: 'Mum and Dad, please watch'
Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska.
Researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia.
There is no evidence for smelting, casting, or alloying of metals in the Western Hemisphere north of Mexico prior to the arrival of Europeans.
Joe Gomez is valued at £8m by the Championship side Charlton.
The 17-year-old is one of the most wanted young players in the country.
Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor’s son.
Jimmy Anderson and Sir Ian Botham are the leading wicket-takers in England Test history.
Botham was always larger than life and in your face, had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now.
Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room.
Louise Smith, 38, secretly plucked a young girl's hair and put it in her food.
She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub.
Smith denied fraud in February but failed to attend her trial this week.
Carlisle Magistrates' Court heard this week that in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China's Guangdong Province.
But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone.
Yuan's six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever.
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders Tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
The Money Man's daughter Iyanna has been spending time in her father's training camp.
Iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym.
National Union of Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for children up to seven.
They want UK to follow Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons.
It is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming', depriving youngsters of their 'fundamental human right to play'
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after being cleared by the Court of Session.
The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’ in the final stage of approval.
King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom last month.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond held talks with Andy Wilman.
It comes just hours before it was announced he had quit the BBC.
Mr Wilman helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation's most successful programme.
There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix, Amazon or another British broadcaster.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol.
During his Bristol visit, Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a ‘moral’ case for the Tories’ policies.
Prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat as they compete with each other.
On the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months.
Low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light.
This means that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Engineers at the University of Sheffield's Faculty of Engineering believe tampons could be a cheap solution to detecting pollutants in rivers.
They found that tampons can glow in ultra-violet (UV) light, because they absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’
Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer.
His family opted for a private funeral at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park attended only by family and close friends.
Benaud played 63 Tests for Australia but was more well-known for his career in the commentating booth.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town in League One on Saturday.
Media team had to stick up match highlights on the club's YouTube channel.
They made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact.
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 at Goodison Park in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for the hosts in the 29th minute.
Ashley Barnes was shown a red card just before half time for a 'criminal challenge' on Nemanja Matic.
James Schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man.
Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom.
The kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations, to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson.
Wilkins read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
'I was thrilled at how they restore and maintain all the various artefacts that have been donated by various families,' said Wilkins.
Donald Allen, 66, pointed a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett.
Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun.
Deputy Chief of Police Mike Carter played the video at a news conference.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic.
Also assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013.
In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs.
Hospital didn't report it to police as there was not sufficient evidence.
Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen joined Barcelona from Borussia Monchengladbach in May.
The 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan club.
He is keen to impress manager Luis Enrique in the Champions League.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year.
Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure, making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009.
Adele Adkins has topped the list of Britain’s richest musicians under 30.
The mother-of-one, 26, has double the wealth of her nearest rivals.
Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the year's biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
One of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane, which was idling on the runway.
Ambulance Victoria confirmed three people were injured in the incident.
Aston Villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night.
Tim Sherwood could not stay still for a moment on the touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point.
Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go to give Villa a 2-1 lead.
Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood's rollercoaster evening in the dugout.
Staring straight ahead, this is the only photograph to have emerged of Patrick Sonderheimer, the pilot of the doomed flight.
But the shrine, which was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy, controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Mr Lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 into the mountains killing all of those on board.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally.
Transfield Services said the employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano.
Ronaldo only needed 288 games to reach the milestone.
The 30-year-old was presented with a '300' shirt by club president Florentino Perez.
Real Madrid host Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday.
Investigators concluded that the 88-year-old author is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel Go Set a Watchman.
Lee, who lives in an Alabama nursing home, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders.
He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair has been revealed as Amanda Bailey.
The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Jackie Grant and Scott Brown, whose company owns Rosie cafe, have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, Indiana, on Monday.
Her friends thought she was too drunk to go there and put her in a taxi to go home.
She died from blunt force trauma to the head and there was no sign of sexual assault.
Daniel Messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
Police traced a cellphone found near Wilson's feet to Messel and after they arrested him, investigators found blood in his vehicle.
Janet Muller, 21, was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13.
Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, West Sussex.
Police have now released video stills and footage of her last movements.
The bright student's family described her as an 'inspirational, passionate and caring person'
Gary Player considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen.
McIlroy will become just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25.
The South African is withering in his contempt of those who say McIlroy is ‘bulking up’ too much in the gym.
Xavier Denamur has exposed France as a country of microwave cheats.
Claims almost three quarters of all dishes served in French bistros, brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved.
Unesco has named France's 'gastronomic meal' a world treasure.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for Aston Villa against QPR.
Benteke has only taken one free-kick in his career.
The Belgium striker has scored eight goals in his last six games.
Raheem Sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to Roy Keane.
Sterling's agent Aidy Ward is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients.
Liverpool have made clear their own approach to future contract negotiations with their players.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses.
He owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey valued at £4.25million.
But before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle.
Judge found that Mr Davison squandered millions of winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making'
UKIP will be counting on England batting coach Graham Thorpe voting for them.
Thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago.
Former Surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies.
Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott deny any association with UKIP.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in new ad for men's clothing brand Jacamo.
Personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37.
They model latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing.
Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks.
The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
The team at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate primary tumours, but also distant metastases.
Professor Edgar Engleman, senior author of the study, said: 'The potency is impressive. You actually see tumour eradication'
In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system.
They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue - in
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
The 72-year-old was the King of Clubs in the infamous pack of cards the US issued of wanted members of Saddam's regime after its collapse.
US giant Morgan Stanley said Labour would be ‘dragged to the Left’ by SNP.
Labour would be expected to abandon pledge to manage public finances carefully.
Second major bank, Goldman Sachs, also raised concerns about same outcome.
Blake, 27, gave birth to daughter James three months ago.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman's side have not forgiven Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino left the Saints for Spurs last May.
The gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened.
Older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest workers have gone up by nine times as much.
Critics say employers are taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer.
James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire for the bulk of this summer.
Faulkner will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches.
He was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand to win the World Cup last month.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own.
On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park.
The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS.
Meanwhile, Mrs Meitaiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Hermes Birkin is one of the most coveted handbags of all time.
With the same amount of money that the handbag costs, you could splash out on an Aston Martin DB9 Volante.
The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history, including Cleopatra, Marie Antoinette and Tsarina Alexandra who all reportedly had gold clothing.
The idea came after a Chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year.
Derby want Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer.
Dyche has impressed in the Premier League with Burnley this season.
Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival.
Elijah McCrae was born with the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)
He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy'
His parents created the to-do list after he was diagnosed with a genetic illness that meant he would likely not live to see his second birthday.
The family, from Penrith in Sydney's west, were able to visit the Sydney Royal Easter Show - ticking off one of the items on the bucket list.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season.
The 26-year-old joined Fiorentina on a season-long loan from City.
Richards is set on a return to the Premier League this summer.
Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are interested.
Vladimir Putin said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services.
He said he raised issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
Putin said he had warned the West about the possible dangers of supporting terrorists.
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday.
But her England team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box.
Instead of ordering a retake, a rising German referee, Marija Kurtes made a startling error and gave Norway a free-kick.
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender.
The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy.
Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director.
Jonathan Trott left the 2013/14 Ashes tour after just one match at the Gabba.
England Test captain Alastair Cook was concerned that would be the end of his Three Lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination.
The pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies this month.
Leo Schofield, 79, has slammed Tasmania as a state full of 'dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'
He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent.
He said he was offered $300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $400,000 the government offered in the previous year.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30.
Men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives.
However, quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation.
Firefighters spent six hours tackling the blaze at St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset.
Firefighters had to contend with a 400 yard wide wall of flames that moved at dangerous speeds.
Three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed.
Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean, where the holiday industry is recovering.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday.
For this impressive feat, Sam gets bragging rights and an amazing sense of accomplishment.
But not the actual grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr.
The so-called 'The Nation's Fist' not only wrote the song 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' but also sang and directed the music video before releasing it on his Facebook page on Monday.
Everton host Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon.
Roberto Martinez says the Clarets have a fearlessness similar to his Wigan side.
The Spaniard says Sean Dyche's clear plan will help Burnley survive.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets and Queen of Heart themed bunk beds.
Jacqueline Martin, 37, said she sourced the materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest.
Ukip’s education spokesman Paul Nuttall appeared in manifesto.
He was holding a book called ‘British Rebels and Reformers’
The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book.
Mr Nuttall joked that the photoshop allegations were not true.
British officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from Moscow.
They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to naval exercise.
Bobby Zamora scored his third goal of the season with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom.
Charlie Austin put the visitors 2-0 up in the 35th minute, before Eduardo Vargas doubled QPR's lead with a 25-yard strike.
Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench.
Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game.
Caroline Wozniacki was joined by Houston Texans star J.J. Watt on Monday.
The pair watched the NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game.
Wozniaki was invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll and played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield.
Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice.
The problem is partly caused by immune system ‘B-cells’ that put a brake on the body’s defences in prostate and other cancers.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred.
First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash.
There's evidence the vehicle started to skid at a slight left turn, then went off the road and hit an embankment near a barn.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed, fire department battalion chief Daryl Rutter told Daily Mail Online.
Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
'Pro-anorexia' sites will face a year in prison and a fine of £7,000.
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm.
Carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday.
The dogs were killed before a Four Corners special exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
Sydney was hit again on Saturday, as the city was pummelled by a massive hail storm.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day.
The freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday.
Roeder and former Hull chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League.
The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to "strongly disagree'
The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company.
When Daily Mail Australia selected only negative answers, they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep.
On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours.
The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
Deborah Kane, 46, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago.
She had nine-hour operation to stop skin cancer spreading to her brain.
The teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
Debbie recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming TV show called 'Fake Britain'
Alexis Sanchez has scored 19 goals so far this season for Arsenal.
Arsene Wenger is delighted that Sanchez chose the Gunners over Liverpool.
Sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer.
Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Visitors will be able to travel through time when One World Trade Center opens next month.
Those taking the elevator to the observation deck will watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day.
The video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory.
Michael Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role.
The former England captain earned close to £1million a year through his various media roles.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14.
Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
A billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog.
A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, shutting down production at the sprawling manufacturing center that employs thousands.
The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze.
There are no known injuries at the structure, Building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day.
Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire.
As she left the car, a man came hurtling towards her with a glass bottle.
He smashed the bottle against her car window, causing the glass to shatter.
The glass bottle became embedded in her neck and she had to have surgery.
She has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth.
Her family have released shocking photos which show extent of her injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area.
The Welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia when the accident took place.
Investigators are unsure how he came to be at the top of the steep 320ft-high cliff, which overshadows the Lac de Flaine.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps in Poole, Dorset.
The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri.
Premier League champions are also open to letting Nasri leave the Etihad Stadium.
Toure will be made available before his value in the market dwindles.
Bailey Murrill had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days.
She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for.
Her favorite nurse came on shift and decided to surprise her.
Bailey got up and stood on her own for the first time and hugged her.
The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday.
The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring.
Friday's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago, Detroit and St. Louis, as well as those in Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne on Monday night.
The pair were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta.
Brazilian ace Ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with American side Fort Lauderdale in recent times.
A woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms.
She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east.
The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm.
A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due to the weather.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at The Emirates on Sunday afternoon.
Olivier Giroud admitted he gets 'p*****' with people commenting on his hairstyle.
Giroud believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season.
Arsenal remain 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race.
Yannick Bolasie has dazzled for Crystal Palace since Alan Pardew took over in January.
The 25-year-old has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season.
Palace face Manchester City at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Chipotle removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat.
Chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen.
Other retailers such as grocery store chain Kroger have begun taking up some of Chipotle's ethical standards.
Video posted on Facebook has been watched more than 3.7million times.
In the video a young woman is seen sucking on to the tube before removing it to reveal her new pout... made of crisps.
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses.
Joe Sullivan, 46, is the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime.
New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December.
In Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home.
Labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends.
One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride.
After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning in a white and blue dress.
She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens, all wearing black dresses and pink sashes, who started yelling for him to come
Bob Katter has accused the Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon was 'a little black puppet on a string'
Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past.
He said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past, and sympathised with Mr Gordon's position.
The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with some users questioning his terminology.
JB Holmes won the Houston Open after two play-off holes.
Holmes started the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard.
Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways.
He wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job.
Gianni Paladini registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company.
Paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung.
The Italian seems to have enjoyed more success in West Yorkshire where he has forged an official link to Bradford.
Yaya Toure has hinted he is open to leaving Manchester City.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season.
Toure earns more than £1m a month at the Etihad Stadium.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell had gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago.
The 56-year-old's stomach shrunk to the size of a tennis ball.
Father-of-three said his weight affected his self confidence and self esteem.
The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal weighs in at a huge 12.5 kilos (26lbs)
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales.
The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution.
In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives.
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
They feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone.
Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the quarter-final of the Champions League.
Edinson Cavani has scored six goals in eight Champions League appearances this season.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti have been suspended for PSG.
Tryster beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer Charlie Appleby.
The four-year-old had earlier been successful with Pretend and Four Seasons.
Jockey William Buick predicted great things to come from Tryster.
Ethan Czahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
In February, he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate.
The Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets.
They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.
The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing, as companies often require people to visit their websites.
Holly Leonard, a homeless woman from San Francisco who has spent time in jail, has used her free handset to find herself a new home in San Jose.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team.
The Arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996.
Wenger reveals he only makes the final decision on the morning of the match.
Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby.
Trackside TV presntor Adian Rodley didn’t realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.
The race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'
The winning duo will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23.
Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry into the Iraq war began in 2009.
It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, source said.
Further delays will fuel claims those criticised over the war are trying to bury bad news.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess.
The Gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page, showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with large red chillies.
The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney and is a regular occurrence.
It is unclear if this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier.
Andrea Yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison.
But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility.
Russell 'Rusty' Yates has since remarried and has a five-year-old son.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England against the West Indies on Monday.
Trott was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
The England batsman believes his Brisbane breakdown was the culmination of problems that were eventually successfully diagnosed as situational anxiety.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-2 to reach the Miami Open final.
The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after beating John Isner.
It will be Murray’s first Masters level final since he won the title in what is his home from home two years ago.
Molalla Log Cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean.
The cabin's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners.
It was made a historic landmark in 1991 and moved to a storage facility in 2008 to protect it from further erosion.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years.
Paramedics were stretched to the limit and in Cambridge a Territorial Army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 at Wembley on Sunday.
The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool, picking himself up each time.
Grealish wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits.
Detlef Guenzel killed Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz in 2013.
He cut his victim into small pieces and buried them in his garden.
The 57-year-old was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead.
Mahendra Bavishi is joint director of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd.
The 69-year-old said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business.
He said robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in.
AP McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
McCoy will be praying he doesn't win Saturday's Crabbie’s Grand National.
The Irishman has booked Paul Carberry to ride Cause of Causes.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry.
It is thought the men boarded the truck in Belgium before crossing the channel.
Police sniffer dogs were used to find them on the A40 near Churcham.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night.
The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade.
Pacquiao has been born into poverty in the Philippines and moved to the Philippines aged 14 to pursue his boxing career.
He left home aged 14 and has won his first 10 professional fights - all of which were in 1995.
Boxing fans have already begun pouring into Las Vegas to taste the atmosphere building around the richest fight in history, even though only 500 tickets were made available for general sale.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London.
Claim appeared in ethnic freesheet during 2010 campaign.
The race was won by Lutfur Rahman, 50, who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory last year.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have her fourth child.
The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos.
Her husband, Nigel, told an inquest into her death in January that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima.
The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens.
This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall.
And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God.
He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon on an officer.
Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world.
Real Madrid travel to Vicente Calderon in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Ancelotti admits facing Simeon is both an 'honour' and a 'problem'
The 55-year-old also revealed he has a fully fit squad to choose from.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week.
The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski.
Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned.
The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday.
His family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
They have described Max, a third-year photography student at the Rochester Institute of Technology, as'very comfortable' there.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court.
He admitted two counts of fraud by lying to Abbey National about the profitability of his business to secure the £847,000 loan in March 2007.
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38.
The young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol.
On Saturday more than 6,000 took to the streets of Calais to form a quarter of a mile long 'White March' to pay tribute to Chloe.
Kadeem Brown, 25, and Tierre Clark, 5, killed in Bronx crash on March 20.
Driver Emilo Garcia, 44, had a seizure moments before the crash.
He continued driving for 100 feet before crashing into bus stop.
Mr Brown died at the scene, while the little girl died a short time later.
Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but not charged.
Researchers from Stanford University compared colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990.
The results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the toy.
Synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together.
Inverness defender Gary Warren has called for a change to the 'ridiculous' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons.
Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic – meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on May 30.
The defender also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies.
Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara.
The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Aston Villa on Sunday afternoon.
The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving his three-match ban for seeing red against Man United.
Gerrard will end his long association with the club at the end of this season.
Authorities in Florida have released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men.
The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach that was witnessed by hundreds of people who failed to intervene.
So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a woman.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance for the second time in as many years.
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on same side'
He will show SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of divisions.
SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the Ballon d'Or.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes the award should be scrapped.
Arsene Wenger said he was 'totally against' the award last year.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals on Saturday.
Frank McLintock believes Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear.
McLintock made 403 appearances for the Highbury club between 1964 and 1973.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey.
Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York.
MMA would have to become legalized in the state for that bout to happen.
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013.
Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with sniffer dog at his flat.
He was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning a blind eye' to drug dealing.
Today admitted two counts of possessing class A drugs at Isleworth Crown Court.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old.
He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her.
The architect had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged.
Study uncovered a link between belief in God and societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy.
Scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
Last month, Nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in the West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf.
Iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015, Nasa said.
Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Encounters with common dolphins off the west of Scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to a leading research body.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years.
Climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the Hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °C a decade.
Warm water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore, the trust said.
Volunteers will live, work and sleep on Silurian research ship for up to 12 days.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley in Smethwick, West Midlands.
CCTV footage shows the horrific moment she was mugged.
Kurti was filmed stamping on her face, leaving a shoe print on her skin.
His co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was jailed for 10 years for manslaughter.
Judge John Warner said the boy had been 'running wild' in his home life.
Hundreds of survivalists and 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday.
They learned new ways of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights and even dressed up as zombies.
Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who acted as judge in emergency preparedness food cook-off.
Denise Fedyszyn tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb and wore dress size 26.
She was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters.
A fairground worker told the 37-year-old: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt'
She joined Weightwaters and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love.
The couple now live almost self-sufficiently in Nelson, New Zealand.
Jasper and Jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria.
Both dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas.
Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion, a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes.
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein.
He says he will carry out the operation in China if Europe and Russia say no.
The Italian has no qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life.
But critics say his plans are a fantasy.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be.
Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium.
However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded'
Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across Cardiff.
They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah'
Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
Brazil has become the world's top consumer of crack cocaine, according to some studies, as government programs fail to stem the rapid spread of drug use.
The Moai are monolithic human figures carved by the Rapa Nui people on Easter Island, between 1,250 and 1,500 AD.
The 887 statues gaze inland across the island with an average height of 13ft (four metres)
All but 53 of the Moai were carved from tuff - compressed volcanic ash - and around 100 wear red pukao of scoria.
Jade and Aaron Badland assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker at Stansted Airport.
Mr Badland, 24, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack.
Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign.
This will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the platinum award-winning artist.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex.
Girl suffered single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident.
Sussex police are hunting owner of 'Staffy-type' dog.
Shahnawaz was thrashed to death after his motorcycle grazed a car.
The 40-year-old was returning home from a family function in Daryaganj.
Two children, 13 and 9 years old, stood wailing and begging bystanders.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by.
Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.
Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of killing his wife Tracy Walters, 48, in March last year.
Court told he deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway.
Witnesses described how passing motorists went to aid the couple.
Walters denies the murder of his wife, who died in hospital two days later.
Stacey Eden stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a train.
The 23-year-old Sydney resident's furious stand against racism has spread around the world.
A bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for Ms Eden.
Ben Cousins left Fremantle Magistrates Court on Thursday with a smug smirk on his face.
The former AFL star was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park.
His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
Cousins was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
The advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations.
It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
The campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners, with some of the posters even being defaced.
Katie Hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to make their 100th Premier League appearances this weekend.
Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012.
Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Eritrean refugees Haben, 19, and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago.
Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Fears of capture and execution at the hands of radical Islamists is driving the desperate migrants to leave Libya as quickly as they can.
Only yesterday, Ethiopian officials revealed 30 Christians filmed being beheaded and shot by Islamic State militants in Libya were likely to have been desperate migrants trying to reach Europe and even Britain.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm.
The 33-year-old will be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years.
Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped.
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties.
Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit.
35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of SNP.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system'
It looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption.
The head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia.
It is traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five strokes going into the final round.
Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke.
The 21-year-old shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird.
His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person.
However, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty.
Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,
Inter Milan want to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure this summer.
Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million)
Marco Fassone fears City's asking price and Toure's wages could be too much.
Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic.
Mustafa Kamal's resignation as International Cricket Council president has been accepted.
Bangladeshi politician resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India.
Kamal's remarks were described as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients in the 1900s.
But it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings.
Demolition work recently began on the building but preservationists are still working to save the French Renaissance-style building.
American folk singer Woody Guthrie, who wrote hundreds of songs and made famous recordings of Red River Valley and This Land is Your Land, was committed in 1956.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
Comments raise prospect of Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City.
He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week.
Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video, which was recorded last month.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire that left his victim, Oisin Tymon, 36, in need of hospital treatment.
The presenter said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce from wife Frances and the death of his mother Shirley.
Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions.
Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Graziano Pelle was sent off in the first half for a clash with Alex Bruce.
Referee Kevin Friend could not believe the Southampton striker remained on the field.
Pelle went on to score his first Premier League goal since December 20, ending a drought of 1,245 minutes.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty.
She failed in a bid to reach the Betfred World Championship when Doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying.
Archbishop of Canterbury called on Christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists.
In the wake of the slaughter of Christian students in Kenya and the barbarity of Islamic State militants, the Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were ‘martyrs’
Dr Welby told his congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a ‘wicked’ development.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011.
Within two weeks, she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to the family's Atlanta, Georgia home.
In a project about the complexity of family dynamics, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the little girl she used to be while refusing to accept the woman she has become.
The images were captured throughout the house including the living room, at her family's kitchen table, in a bathroom and in bedrooms.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich on Wednesday night.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury.
Footage shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards after the game.
Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff, even after the angry clash had died down.
The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery.
The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash.
Lib Dem leader said Nigel Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines.
Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' which is losing all grip on the party.
Philipp Lahm spoke to Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary on BT Sport.
Lahm has been at Bayern Munich his whole career but had a two-year loan spell at Stuttgart.
The World Cup winner is currently preparing for the quarter-final of the Champions League against Porto on Wednesday.
Diane Priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue.
She died of an aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital.
An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes.
Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which North East Ambulance Service still failed to meet.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos in 2008 and later married another woman.
But first wife Michelle uncovered deception when she saw ice bucket challenge video.
She discovered footage of him completing ice bucket charity challenge on Facebook.
O’Clee had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in fraud case.
He was put in witness protection programme which meant he had to live in'safe house'
Shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs.
They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
Group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple.
Then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst.
For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in pain.
The incident took place near the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre, the city’s second-tallest building at 492 metres (1,614ft)
Shane Ferguson has been out injured since joining Rangers in January.
The on-loan Newcastle United winger is back training with the club.
Stuart McCall believes Ferguson could play a key role in Rangers' play-off bid.
Shoshana Hebshi, of Sylvania, Ohio, will gain $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours.
Hebshi has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian.
Coroner Clayton Cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test.
Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute’s silence in honour of the late Richie Benaud, who passed away last week.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday.
Mr Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot.
There were no other specific threats to Anzac Day events in other cities, but Mr Abbott said there would be a strong police presence across Australia.
The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win.
Robert Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana.
John Shipton's unique two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney’s inner west sold for $1.42 million on Wednesday.
The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
Assange has sought political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 after Britain attempted to extradite him to Sweden.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014.
Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison.
The mother-of-three accepted her new husband's past and devoted herself to his rehabilitation, relatives said.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of Daniel Morcombe in 2014.
His lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal.
Cowell received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003.
Daniel's parents, Denise and Bruce Morcombe, desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before Cowan's arrest.
Harry Kane is eligible to play for the Young Lions at this summer's tournament.
Kenny Dalglish says Kane should not go back to Under-21 football.
The former Liverpool and Blackburn boss believes Kane should be kept fresh for the full European Championships in 2016.
The teenager from Henan province in central China has been labelled 'too beautiful too look at'
Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform.
Some have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open.
The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness ahead of next month's French Open at Roland Garros.
Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at country music festival Tortuga.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina.
Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride.
She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field.
Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
The illicit drugs, worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value, were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic.
Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC.
BBC decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of Top Gear.
But the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows.
Clarkson, 54, is said to be 'champing at the bit' to get back on stage, with the next show taking place in Belfast in May.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit next year.
The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Big change will be the introduction of the FIFA Club World Cup badge.
Boy, 13, from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in classroom before going to a friend's house after school.
Group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway.
Paul Scholes has told Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal.
Former Manchester United midfielder Scholes hailed Sterling as a good player.
But he says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food.
William and Harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
Mr McGrady spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.
Swansea City host Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
West Bromwich Albion host Leicester City in the other fixture.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini and Txiki Begiristain may have big plans to revamp the team in the summer.
But what if Liverpool reel them in over the next six matches?
City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference, which equates to five, yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut on April 25, 2014.
A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder.
Martin Montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground.
The ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on.
Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi scored the goals as Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 on Wednesday evening.
Cressida Bonas has been unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador.
The 26-year-old, from Clerkenwell, London, models spring/summer 2015 range.
Shot by Robert Fairer, she shows off her moves as she pulls some poses.
Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner.
Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily.
Almost half of people who have visited 99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are middle class and among the country's highest earners.
Of those 53 per cent are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year, a significant increase from the 37 per cent figure a year ago.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Jefferson Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico on Saturday.
Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks.
Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad.
Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
Ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for Mr Farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis.
But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead.
Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad.
Ryan Bertrand was called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month.
The Southampton left-back impressed on loan at St Mary's earlier in the year.
Bertrand says he deserves to be higher up the pecking order.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Bamford says he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea can always buy him back later: it worked for Nemanja Matic.
Prince Harry will spend four weeks with the Australian Defence Force.
Captain Wales will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base.
Harry will also spend time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory.
If he passes military testing, it is possible he'll fly helicopters.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal.
At lunchtime, he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom.
School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, killed lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani and co-defendant.
He then shot dead judge Fernando Ciampi in revenge 'against those that ruined me'
Prosecutors said attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'
Fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, died of a heart attack.
Jesse O'Brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis.
Video was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, last Wednesday to encourage him to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness.
The video finally hit the one million mark exactly a week after Heidi posted it, first thing on Wednesday morning.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness.
It encourages 'connection, vitality and wellness' and 'cultivates a greater connection' between partners.
The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy.
The mother-of-one maintained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet.
In June 2013, she fell pregnant, and in April the following year, the proud parents welcomed little Elanie into the world.
Toulon were reduced to 14 men when Ali Williams was sin-binned.
Bryan Habana scored the crucial points while he was off the field.
Leigh Halfpenny finished with 20 points from six penalties and a conversion.
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway.
About 40 minutes later, she was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka - a popular spot among photographers.
The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Maria Sharapova and Ana Ivanovic attended the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday.
The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children.
World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season.
Nico Rosberg has claimed Lewis Hamilton has the mental edge over him.
The German claimed he shot himself in the foot following his outburst.
Hamilton is yet to better Hamilton this season but insists he's already forgotten about their spat.
Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories.
That compares with just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9 under the Coalition.
The figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne.
Ed Miliband is struggling to win over business men and women.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis on Friday morning.
She was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge.
Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
Following days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday.
Medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Bobby, 46, has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive.
This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified on Monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human.
It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
Using Met Office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports.
If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Currently, the BBC website features 10 reports written by meteorologists.
Each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country, such as London and South East England, but there are
Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday, at a moment when only Sen. Ted Cruz, the tea party darling, is already in the race.
But the issue that made him a national figure two years ago – domestic snooping by the National Security Agency – is no longer on America's front-burner.
Paul's uber-libertarian father, former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist Republicans.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season.
The 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with Nemanja Matic.
Coquelin played against Reading in the FA Cup semi-final last weekend.
Andrea Dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting.
Dossena was arrested at Knightsbridge store on April 7.
Italian and a 31-year-old woman also held at the scene were released after being interviewed.
Jason Rezaian has been charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments'
The 39-year-old journalist was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year.
He is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda.
Rezaian's lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences on Monday.
Iran's Foreign Minister last week said the allegations against her client 'had no link' with the nuclear talks.
Tony Hunt's daughter's ginger cat was hit by a police car near his home.
But instead of explaining what had happened, officers knocked on neighbour's door.
Witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'
Incredibly, when he contacted police, officers coldly told him Harry had been 'disposed of'
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Pablo Zabaleta admits City are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Manuel Pellegrini's side now trail leaders Chelsea by 12 points.
Alex Perry has pulled out of presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this year.
Perry says he is enjoying 'taking a breather' and focusing on international ventures.
This is only the second Fashion Week the designer has missed in two decades.
He has just filmed Asia's Next Top Model which is said to broadcast to over 11 million homes in Asia and Middle East via the Star World Network.
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out holding second independence vote in next few years.
Earlier claimed 2014’s referendum was a ‘once in a generation’ event.
But last night she said she respected last year's result, and said she would not call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto for Westminster election in May.
She said: 'I'm offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister. I don't want to see Tories in Downing Street'
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea.
After being held in a cell for 11 hours, the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm.
It comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her.
The pair were last seen together at an Essex pub last month.
Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
She said juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, from Chicago has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen.
Pagonis was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse.
Coleen Rooney, 28, and Nadine Coyle, 29, joined forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life.
Ditched sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares.
They hope the shots will encourage women from across the UK to join the female-only event.
Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon in 1961.
The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it.
Hemming describes the endless hardships almost matter-of-factly.
Giles Clarke made a complete fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch.
The ECB chairman confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth at the Lord's Pavilion Long Room dinner.
Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton, whom he had rashly called a ‘man of great judgment’
Paul McGowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order.
McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
The 27-year-old will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down as he went to work in Guatemala City.
He and his companion Abimael Rodas Palacios were attacked by gang members.
A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill him.
Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One' and did it 'because I like to kill'
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans.
The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution'
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the suggestion.
She said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers – because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Ms Fernando's'shocking' suggestion was slammed by the Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg today.
Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes.
The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line, experts claim.
Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women, while Jimmy Savile raped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality.
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina.
A series of letters from Mexican artist Frida Kahlo to her lover Jose Bartoli are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000.
During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York.
Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston.
Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Nottingham Forest drew 0-0 with Brentford at Griffin Park on Monday.
Tyler Walker came off the bench to score his first goal of his career.
The 18-year-old is the son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
The dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table.
Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the Chihuahua jumps around excitedly.
The video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, said that the pair completely love one another.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia in the Fed Cup semi-finals next week.
The World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule.
Sharapova is part of the Russian team facing Germany in Sochi.
Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Small plane crashed in the Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed when light aircraft crashed.
Plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames.
Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two from Britain.
The pilot of the Piper PA-32 was from the Dominican Republic.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband.
He explained away his long absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud.
It was not until pictures of him doing the ice bucket challenge with his new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged.
Now, Michelle has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering her husband of six years had been leading a double life.
President Milos Zeman has been criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in Moscow, despite the crisis in Ukraine.
The Czech prime minister together with Czech lawmakers are siding with the American.
'I think that the reaction of President Zeman was not adequate,' Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said.
Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games in all competitions.
Suarez is starting to look like £75million very well spent.
Barcelona are now within two games of the Berlin final on June 6.
Migrants arriving in the UK will be banned from receiving handouts.
They will have to pay tax and national insurance the state for four years.
Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, said girls are best served educationally in their teenage years in a boy-free work environment.
The head said single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'
Tony Little, head at Eton College, has previously said that single sex schools allow children to retain their 'innocence'
Robert O'Neill will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
O'Neill claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader.
Ollie the Owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney in Nottingham last month.
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever.
But he received a letter demanding a donation to charity for its safe return.
The wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia.
Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call.
Tinside Lido underwent a £3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of Europe's top 10 pools.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger.
The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season.
Ferrero said the 24-year-old needs to go to Stadio Luigi Ferraris to re-discover himself.
Joanna Flynn, 50, was a nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario.
She was arrested on Thursday and charged with criminal negligence causing death.
It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged in Canada.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen.
When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up.
Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three saw a post on a Facebook sales site saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place'
Real Madrid face rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League second leg on Wednesday night.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have been through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results.
Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho during training.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in Hebei Province has installed metal bars on all balconies.
Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Sam Allardyce believes Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football.
The Hammers have lost six of their last eight Premier League games.
UEFA imposed a £49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending.
Device uses powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
When added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads bind to any cancerous cell, changing the way light passes through it.
Using a smartphone app, these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes.
The scientists used an iPhone 4S in their tests meaning an 8MP camera is enough.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948.
Post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable.
The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman's telephone number in the book where the paper came from.
Sunderland are 15th and Leicester are 20th in the Premier League table.
Crystal Palace, Stoke and Everton have very little to play for.
Aston Villa are 16th on 29 points after drawing 3-3 with Queens Park Rangers.
QPR are 18th on 26 points and have a goal difference six better than QPR's.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at the top of Serie A.
Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli.
Lazio kept the heat Roma, though, by clinching a seventh consecutive league win, 3-1 at 10-man Cagliari.
The child was attacked in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia.
She was reportedly savaged by the animal and taken to hospital for treatment.
The circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York.
Jones, best known for his work with the band The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
Candice-Marie Fox claims to have cured her thyroid cancer using a nutritional program.
The Perth-based model has pledged to release her medical records.
Bloggers have demanded 'irrefutable proof' that she cured her cancer 'with juice'
Ms Fox said she is applying to obtain all her relevant medical records, which will take 45 to 60 days to obtain.
Marla McCants, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage when she was in her early 20s.
Her weight spiraled out of control after she tried to break up with her boyfriend who 'lost it' and proceeded to kidnap her and hold her at gunpoint.
She refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her.
Nigel Farage caused controversy at televised leaders’ debate last week.
He attacked high cost of giving drugs to sufferers not born in Britain.
Ed Miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’ and Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form'
Ukip leader insisted afterwards that he had ‘overwhelming support’
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Franz Beckenbauer criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
The 69-year-old was speaking to reporters in New York as part of Bayern Munich's new media agreement with MSN.
Prime Minister hails work of the Church and condemns persecution of Christians.
Comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be'
Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, has condemned certain welfare reforms.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men.
Google generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words.
Anna and Indi have been thrilling crowds at surfing competitions for dogs.
They use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten.
Zane Jones, 32, and Caitlin Ollier, 26, have owned the dogs since they were puppies.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
Italian striker came on as a second-half substitute during Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle on Monday.
Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex.
They flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree.
Police have described it as the worst case of'mindless destruction' they have ever witnessed.
Nikola Karabatic and his brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club lost to a struggling team.
Karabatic's lawyer Michael Corbier told Sportsmail on Wednesday the trial will likely take place within months.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-6 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals.
The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final should he beat John Isner.
Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final after they both came through their semis on Thursday.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22.
Moments before he announced the verdict on Monday, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom, fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response.
The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting.
This was revealed by his brother during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington and instead with his mother.
Hinckley shot Reagan and three others, including White House press secretary James Brady, in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster.
The Block’s four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28.
Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12.
Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea.
Twiggy, 65, has long been working for the high street store.
Has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season.
Marco Rubio told Face the Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference.
He insisted state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage.
Last week he said if someone he 'cared' for was involved in a same-sex union he would 'of course attend'
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol.
The Portuguese national, from Mozambique, was found with 'a lot of blood'
Earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat.
She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days.
Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend.
When he checked the nine hours of footage, he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle, which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done.
Spanish expert Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos has found LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness.
Modern LED screens, produced from about 2007 onwards, emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology.
This matches my own experience, in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic Ocean.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Billionaire SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival'
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
The technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph.
This lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example.
Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iPhone 6 range.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National.
The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Jarret Stoll was arrested at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas last week.
He is accused of trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA into a pool area.
Henderson tweeted: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'
The former Ole Miss star was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews two years ago.
Unidentified restaurant owner attacked by would-be rapist as she closed shop.
She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet.
He tried to grab her - but she used her self-defence skills to overpower him.
CCTV images show how she pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with calls and texts.
He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down.
When she refused to pay, he set up fake profile on Facebook and sent it to her sister.
Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court in February.
Was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
They found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those who thought were white.
In the US black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943.
She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in its department.
Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory 70 years after leaving her position.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast.
The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road in the heart of Mt Gambier but the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight.
Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood attended the London in Los Angeles event at Griffith Observatory.
The event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive that opened in November.
Christopher Bailey has made Burberry one of the most influential labels in the world thanks to his uncanny knack for knowing what women want before they know themselves.
Blaze broke out at Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province on Monday night.
Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment.
It is the second accident at the controversial plant in just 20 months.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February.
She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa, according to reports.
Now, she has shared a picture of her with another teenage 'jihadi bride'
It shows a Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken, chips and kebab meat.
Diafra Sakho tore a thigh muscle during West Ham's 1-1 draw with Stoke.
The 25-year-old striker has scored 12 goals this season.
Sam Allardyce's current deal expires at the end of the season.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters have set up camp in Admiralty Arch.
They unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all' and 'Respect existence or expect resistance'
Banners bearing housing messages were seen hanging from Grade-I listed building.
Members of anti fascist group 'Autonomous Nation of Anarchist Libertarians (ANAL)' called for support in a message on their Facebook page.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play.
The League Two side lost 3-0 to Oxford on Saturday afternoon.
Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference.
Sam, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet.
He is now barely recognisable and has been replaced with a new body confident Sam, complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe.
His new fashionista status has been crowned with Sam being named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star.
Chelsea face PSG in North Carolina on July 25.
It is one of three games Jose Mourinho’s side will feature in across the pond as they gear up to defend a probable Premier League title.
Chelsea will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Spanish giants Barcelona six days later in Washington.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of killing four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury.
The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couple’s children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday.
Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide.
Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off in Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool.
Sissoko could've seen a straight red after catching Lucas on the ankle.
Newcastle boss John Carver refused to make excuses for his captain.
Scott Kelley, now 50, fled the U.S. with stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19.
The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 during custody dispute with Mary's father.
Genevieve Kelley refused to hand Mary over to Mark Nunes for treatment.
She took the girl to Colorado, then boarded a flight to South America.
Kelley was arrested in November last year after she came forward.
He is now facing a charge of custodial interference, the same charge his wife faces.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agency’s MetOp-B satellite has been released.
Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire.
Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his support in the event of an alien invasion at a peace summit in Geneva in the 1980s.
Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students.
His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them.
The warning was revealed in a book about UFOs by Dr David Clarke.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women.
Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
The other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame.
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years.
The French photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the International Center of Photography in New York.
She found the angle at which she could watch them to be one that should be photographed.
Attorneys for 42-year-old David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that Serbeck's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship to the shooting.
Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV while patrolling their Buffdale neighborhood.
In March 2012, Serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Los Angeles on May 2.
The Filipino-fighter trains at Griffith Park ahead of the mega-fight.
It is now less than a month before the two go head-to-head in Las Vegas.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland, just days before she was set to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation.
Ms Scott's body was found by found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10.
A memorial service for Ms Scott will take place on Wednesday afternoon in Eugowra in NSW's central west.
President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation.
Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback.
Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return.
The 34-year-old wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Sergio Aguero says the experience of scoring in a Manchester derby is unparalleled.
The Argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with Manchester United.
Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao is one of the most gifted strikers in world football.
Sir Alex Ferguson believes Neymar can challenge Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo for the title of world's best player.
The former Manchester United boss has backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti.
Ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Stoke goalkeeper Asmir Begovic has attracted interest from Real Madrid.
Begovic's current deal runs out next year.
Birmingham City had led through Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson.
But Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham.
Birmingham boss Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines after his side were denied a penalty.
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path.
Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali.
The 34-year-old took to social media to find the owner of the sentimental ring.
She met with Joe and Jenny Langley in Noosa on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching.
Ms Walsh credits the international Facebook shares for the finding of jewellery's owner.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court in relation to the cremation of her son Paul Moreland in December 2010.
Hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections, including from her ex-husband, to her son being cremated after his death.
As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation.
She denies one charge of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains and two counts of signing false certificates.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford.
She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart.
George North suffered his third concussion in four months playing for Northampton.
The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April.
North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes.
Andrés Iniesta has listed his vineyard on Airbnb for €125 (£90) a night.
There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property, with other facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking provided.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18 at Manchester Arena.
If they do, cash the cheque and come to the Manchester Arena in July.
It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station in 2005.
The friends had been using the station’s unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to Cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for Stansted Airport.
An inquest returned verdicts of accidental death, but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner.
Network Rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million over the deaths.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars.
In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
'I've always loved him, the same as my other children. My commitment to him is for his whole life,' said Connie Going in a Clearwater courtroom on Wednesday.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year.
It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney.
He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states.
Sean Crawford is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art.
The former plumber said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on.
Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore.
The ink illustration appears to show Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document.
But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson.
The biblical character, or ‘Yoda’ made his appearance in a collection of papal letters and church decrees in the precious volume, which can be viewed in its entirely online.
No-one is suggesting that the image of Yoda influenced the popular films in any way, but according to Star Wars folklore, Yoda is 900 years old – in the films shot in the late 1970s.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous on Saturday night.
It took the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Mr Abbott was labelled 'un-Australian' for ordering a light beer during his 2010 campaign.
Critics said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue Aussie bloke'
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed.
Lolita Grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990.
The baby, known as Mary, was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
She died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach.
Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant.
A review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life.
The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments.
Petr Cech posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on Tuesday.
Cech has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois this season.
The 32-year-old is expected to leave Stamford Bridge this summer.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders.
Signatories said they were ‘all working people’ and warned about ‘proliferation of zero-hours contracts’
But within hours plan was in chaos as it was found signatories included benefit fraudster and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013.
In a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates  will rise 16per cent this year.
Jose Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Chelsea.
United boss Louis van Gaal will be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho has been criticised for hounding match officials this season and official figures report the Blues to be serial offenders.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the National Lottery rich list.
The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall.
Mr Maxwell is also going to treat himself to a Land Rover while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday.
Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up.
Chris Ramsey's side are still in the Premier League drop zone.
QPR travel to Aston Villa on Tuesday with a better goal difference.
Political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke.
Lib Dems have created their own 18th birthday cards for 17-year-olds.
SNP picnic blanket is ideal way to showcase political opinion.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite.
Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead.
A three-year-old boy was also found at Fast's home with severe bruising and a broken leg.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia with her photos of everyday life.
With 68,000 followers, her feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions, and humorous photos or videos.
The 27-year-old's followers are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes, happy faces and stunning beauty spots.
Floyd Mayweather dismissed Conor McGregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds.
McGregor showed off his BMW 640i M Sport convertible on his latest Instagram post.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on Kevin Pietersen return.
Former captain Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now 'running out of time' to resurrect his Test career.
Pietersen will be 35 on June 27, before the home Ashes series starts.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia.
It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position.
The five-year-old is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems.
But Finley defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now enjoys walking the two miles to school.
Mils Muliaina was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester.
The 34-year-old has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired in 2011.
Muliaina is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in March.
He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers.
The Barcelona midfielder played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 on Tuesday.
Rakitic has been an integral part of Luis Enrique's team since signing from rivals Sevilla in June.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons'
That information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers.
Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government.
What's more, the affidavit also revealed that Gao lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance.
Manchester United beat Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance.
Mata was named player of the year two years running.
Ben Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping.
Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing.
The Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels.
Research carried out in Milan backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs.
The charity's co-founder Dr Claire Guest hailed the new study, describing the findings as'spectacular'
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead before Chrisitan Benteke equalised.
Tim Sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph.
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2.
Roberto Vitiello feels his side need to win on the road.
Udinese are 13th in the Serie A standings and one point behind Palermo.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina.
Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia.
The 53-year-old female employee was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage.
She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire.
She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997.
Police believe she was killed and reclassified the investigation as murder inquiry.
But the 37-year-old's body has never been found.
Michael McIndoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of 20 per cent return.
But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in October last year with more than £2million debts.
McIndoe dated a string of glamour models, including Helena Fletcher and Emma Frain.
The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in Halfway, Oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger.
The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Doctors diagnosed McLean with post-traumatic stress disorder and urged her to return to the school as a form of des
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air.
An indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors.
Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Andreas Lubitz purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing 150 people.
The co-pilot had been treated for psychiatric illness.
Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United for £28million in the summer.
The left back has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
Shaw admits that he has struggled to live up to his £28m price tag.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 at the Philips Stadion on Saturday.
Victory puts PSV on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax Amsterdam.
Luk de Jong scored two headed goals in the opening period.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
The tennis star announced his engagement in November last year.
Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
One of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray, who arrived just before 4.00pm looking resplendent.
The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage.
It was announced yesterday an investigation was underway after it emerged a 10-year-old autistic bot was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a Canberra school.
The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class.
ACT Education MInister Joy Burch said it is a horrifying situation.
Nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world, are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature.
Settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises.
Aogashima in the Philippine Sea has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater.
Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Ricky Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012.
Shannon's stable includes Hatton’s brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Manchester-based Shannon has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the depths of a lion's den during feeding time.
During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials.
Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles.
The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water.
Two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died.
Firefighter Miguel Meza has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
We Are Handsome are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong, fit girls.
The models will include Instagram sensation Sjana Earp,  Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Jose Luis Gaya's buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m.
Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea are all interested in the 19-year-old.
Gaya flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat.
With miles of sea to play in, you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail.
There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis or whatever.
Jurgen Klopp will step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer.
The German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely.
Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference that he will officially leave at the end of June.
The map was created using data from Nasa’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite.
In the map, the areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square kilometre (0.4 square miles) - are shown in bright pink.
The area with the least are grey and purple.
And the highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight mid-flight.
They were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards.
Irish Aviation Authority is investigating the incident, which took place on Good Friday.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at Liverpool before joining Atletico Madrid on loan in January.
Torres has never found his best form since leaving the club in 2011.
The 31-year-old has scored four times since returning to Spain.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak.
Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire.
The 17-year-old was studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter dreamed of becoming an actress.
She added: 'She had her whole life in front of her, she was a bright, beautiful girl'
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400.
The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while being interviewed on Radio 1.
Host Chris Smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority.
People on Twitter accused programme of 'leftist hostility' and 'appalling'
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south west of Caen.
He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago.
On October 27, he went to tea with friends and is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28.
Andy Murray attended Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against PSG on Saturday.
The British No 1 watched Lionel Messi and Co defeat their European counterparts with best man Ross Hutchins.
Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Dallaglio views the poor performance of English clubs as a 'crisis' for French rugby.
Former England captain believes it is a disaster for the national side who have not finished above fourth place in the RBS 6 Nations since 2011.
Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves.
She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
Mrs Fisher was thrown off the bed while the burglars took her purse containing £
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction.
'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said in an interview with the Boston Herald.
Lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder.
Hernandez also seems ready to move on now, saying the two year wait since her son was first charged has been the difficult part.
Nasa announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places.
Scientists have so far focused on looking for Earth-like planets around smaller, cooler suns.
Adrian Peterson will meet with the NFL this week to discuss his reinstatement.
The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
His main bone of contention is said to be with chief operating officer Kevin Warren who the Peterson camp claims attempted to keep him off the field last year.
Samir Nasri dined out with girlfriend Anara Atanes in London on Tuesday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Nasri and Edin Dzeko are expected to be part of a summer cull.
Lancashire's Edge Hill University and the University of South Australia found a direct link between anxiety and performance.
Pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious.
Michael Ribton, principal at Burlington Danes Academy, says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on the fridge and really engage with them during the exam period.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford on Sunday.
The clip appears to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
Manchester City have worked long and hard to cut out such chants and references.
A host of United greats, including Duncan Edwards, Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne, died following the disaster.
Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression.
Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School.
The 26-year-old was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years.
Ms Scott's body was discovered on Friday evening in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW.
Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton.
The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota.
He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Christian Englander, 30, has thrown a banana peel at Dave Chappelle for the second time in one week.
He was arrested on Monday for disorderly conduct and battery in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
On Thursday, he claims to have hurled another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a Santa Fe bar.
Chappelle said Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp.
Groening, known as 'The Bookkeeper' for his role in the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions.
Between May 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there.
Now those who lost loved ones have travelled thousands of miles  to bear witness as co-plaintiffs against Groening in what may prove to be
Officer Michael Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer.
Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
He is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail.
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday.
It's claimed they were on their way to join the Islamic State.
The two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey.
A new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement was struck on Wednesday between Australia and Turkey.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy in Turin.
The 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers.
Townsend has scored three goals in seven games for England compared with three in 21 Premier League starts for Spurs.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The robot took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2.
JJ Abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling.
It comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months.
Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death.
The exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing, obtained under freedom of information laws.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s father Mark is acting as his representative.
Calum Chambers is on the books at Cassius Sports Management.
Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne.
Jack Andraka is just 18, yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from Barack Obama.
At school, Jack won prizes for science projects, but was ostracised as a geek.
Deeply depressed, Jack made an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
The capybara JoeJoe lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy.
He has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram.
Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account.
Australian capital cities can expect record-breaking profits on their properties at auctions across the country.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low.
Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price.
Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year.
Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale
The None* app is available to download for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices.
Players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white.
They use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level.
There are 50 levels in total in 'Episode One' and clues get progressively tougher.
The bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show.
She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash.
When one of Mr Kyle's famous lie detector tests revealed that Jamie had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7.
Senior party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in 30s' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats.
First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month.
Married father-of-two will join Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen.
Mr Costa, who spent six years in the Navy, will make the 4,000-mile trip.
He has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern Iraq via Jordan.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, Vermont, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their 21-year-old daughter, Mandy.
The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin.
They obtained records from the Burlington physician, which their attorney Ray Chester says they used to determine that Mandy had received an overdose of Botox just like Joshua Drake.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a privacy screen around their Melwood training ground.
The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches.
Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch the players and did not want a screen put up.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids.
Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies'
He described paedophiles as 'complex human beings' and questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register.
The couple met five years ago when Ms Bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her.
But the Green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender.
Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a ‘sex slave’ to Epstein and was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times should be ‘struck from the record’
The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego but there is no threat to public safety.
The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York in November.
A Somali woman said one of her sons was arrested at her house in Minneapolis around noon and the other was arrested in San Diego.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis.
The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year.
A record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country in droves.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed.
Footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena in the future.
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles in seven seasons with Borussia Dortmund.
The 47-year-old has confirmed he will leave the club in the summer.
John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales.
Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean.
Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007, and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $3.5 million.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp.
The Borussia Dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave the German club in the summer.
Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger and believes Klopp would do a better job.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook.
‘Stop and think – if every mother posted all that cr*p about their kid – I’m sure you’d get over it pretty quickly’
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim.
He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy.
Mr Miah blames the airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December, flying from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online.
Lewinsky recently participated in a 22-minute long TED Talk that has made international headlines.
Ben Cousins failed to appear at Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday.
The 36-year-old was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
His lawyer claimed Cousins had conflicting medical appointments.
Cousins retired from the AFL in 2010.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S.
Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in Australia.
Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament.
Two-time Georgian champion was found using his phone in the middle of a match.
Nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle covered in toilet paper.
The Georgian could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates at Lord's on Wednesday.
The decision was made to cull England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
Four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team.
Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March.
He was allegedly using the registration number of a female nurse who had handed it back a few years ago.
Queensland health authorities are now sifting through patient records after it was revealed the man did not have the correct qualifications.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage.
Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players.
The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini have taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs.
Brian Kidd, more Mancunian than Bez drinking a can of Boddingtons in the rain, is Manchester through and through.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead early on Sunday in New Haven, Connecticut.
He became an internet star after being told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine.
Scott was killed while he sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, Justin Compress, who was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is now in stable condition.
Prime Minister will today pledge that if he is returned to Downing Street he will offer the public £4 billion of Lloyds shares still held by the Government after Gordon Brown’s £20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers’ money during the 2008 economic crisis.
Individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of shares, which were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on Friday.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster.
The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle.
She had recently left her position as director of design at the V&A, where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan, an on-going restoration and redesign programme.
The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday’s Tory manifesto launch.
Housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘right to steal’
There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa.
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property.
Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds.
On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood.
John Caudwell bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London, for £155million in 2011 to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex.
The new apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats.
But it could face trouble getting planning permission as VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements.
Star Wars director plans to build complex on 1,039 acres of land in Bay Area.
The complex of affordable housing would provide homes to 224 low-income families.
Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was arrested after allegedly striking a five-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt.
The scent of Perry was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in.
After Officer Kyle Day, who could not see her, warned he was about to unleash the dog, 'the ground moved, and she sat up'
The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and he was
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin on one of LA's freeways.
The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolls down to the beach.
Nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit in June.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, broke her leg and a bone in her foot four days before wedding.
Wore heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress and sat down to say vows.
Family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without cast.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Derby County.
Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Bent has praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, was thrown into path of car by four-inch deep pothole.
Just a month before tragedy, council sent workers to inspect hole.
But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary.
The decline of working class jobs is contributing to the erosion of the age-old whistle according to new research.
Whistling was once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace.
Jeremy Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia.
Peace is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m.
He does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car proves a dud.
Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the Silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace.
The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model, which is now not due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June.
Four koalas travelling to Singapore have been given a quick taste of Qantas' Business Class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence.
The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Roberto Carlos is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil.
The 42-year-old won the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
Carlos has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert.
Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Awel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles.
The five-year-old is in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident.
Her mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday.
She was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash.
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late.
The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
Frustrated listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
They branded the problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’
BBC blames on the system it uses to record programmes.
Tasters at Jacob's Creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation's most popular snacks and light bites.
They even found that different wines match different pizza toppings - with Shiraz best for a margherita but a meaty Cabernet Sauvignon with a pepperoni.
Ulster confirmed the signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week.
The 23-year-old rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17.
Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France.
About $70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern Minnesota sometime between April 1 and April 7.
The Semen, stolen from Daniel Weness's farm, was taken from an unlocked barn.
A $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine aggressiveness.
After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened.
Women can be told within days whether they have high or low risk of disease returning.
Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500.
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua.
Anderson has been the leader of England's bowling attack for a while.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year for the 2014-15 season.
The entire back four started the season as Blues players, with centre-back pairing John Terry and Gary Cahill joined by Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand.
Eden Hazard was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic, Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side.
Midfielder was joined by Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby.
Iwobi scored hat-trick in 4-1 win over Stoke City at the Emirates.
Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show.
She is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel.
The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford.
Watson's last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June.
Rangi Chase, Weller Hauraki, Cory Paterson and Darrell Griffin are suspended.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at Augusta.
The 39-year-old's club came into contact with a tree root.
Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night.
Her BMW M3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into a double decker bus.
The vehicle then span sideways and pinned Miss Shamim against a wall.
Six people in the BMW, including five children, were taken to hospital.
A 34-year-old man driver was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody today.
Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child.
The 26-year-old says being an expectant mum has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far.
Rebecca has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy.
Pensioner, 87, was travelling in First Class on the Boeing 777-300 jet.
Was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into unplanned landing.
The flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authority’s North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in the first of three preliminary rounds.
Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana in his opener on Saturday.
Davis won six world titles in the 1980s and rolled back the years.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children.
But the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering, she said.
Sky newsreader and mother-of-three also describes 'working mum guilt'
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night.
Clarkson was approached by the fan as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room.
The man reportedly 'got in his face' yelling 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?'
Nina Anderson searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom.
Great-grandmother eventually spotted two of the stolen items in window.
Her actions echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, played by Geraldine McEwan.
Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo, in the Maldives, reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year.
The search for the missing plane has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Aircraft dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur.
It was then tracked by Malaysia’s military radar heading towards the Indian Ocean.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole.
For reasons that were never made clear to the jury, Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez’s home.
One in five workers admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
Of 2000 surveyed, 70% said they constantly zone out while in meetings.
Average worker switches off completely after 20 minutes, survey finds.
Donna Oettinger and son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in 2013.
The 41-year-old had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before.
She had attempted to kill herself three months before tragedy but was unable to receive treatment recommended to her by doctors.
Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family.
After visiting a psychiatrist in November Zaki was referred to social services, although the case was not reviewed.
Mario Ambarita, 21, climbed into wheel housing of Garuda Indonesia flight.
The plane took off from main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta.
His desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work'
He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing at Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Jonathan Trott was out for a duck on his return to the Test side in Antigua.
Alastair Cook was clean bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 as England struggled.
Former fast bowler Bob Willis said England’s top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur.
Her business Job Capital handles payroll services, migration, salary packaging and contract-management.
Burston's new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' aims to empower women in business.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men.
They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John.
The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourhood where Mohammed Emwazi hung out.
Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Rodgers spent more than £200million since taking charge in June 2012.
The party will launch a billboard advert using the famous 1979 ‘Labour Isn’t Working’ poster.
But instead it will warn: ‘The doctor can't see you now’
It will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to three years ago.
Officer Daniel Jamieson has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his girlfriend.
Channel 7 Perth reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when he was released on bail.
The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth.
Nico Rosberg was angry with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in China.
Rosberg responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying'
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans in Game One.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead.
Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death.
Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife on September 7 last year.
Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren.
Button spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict.
Lewis Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg at every race this season.
Pumpkin seed oil was the health food du jour in 2014.
But experts say it's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil.
It is thought to help boost shiny locks and boost hair follicles.
The oil is rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help maintain skin renewal.
Studies have even found pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight belt after Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday.
Quillin's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than Lee.
The Irishman admitted he had been 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight leading to his knockdown and standing count.
Julie Ronayne was left 'looking like Michelin man' following botched hysterectomy.
Husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock.
Claimed he suffered psychiatric injury after seeing his wife swell up.
NHS is now fighting to overturn payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for organisation.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough.
The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys.
Ed Miliband refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years.
Labour has predicted that the Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar and the number of poor students going to university fall.
But, in each case, the party's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team.
The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance.
Arsenal are the most popular team with 5.6million followers, followed by Chelsea (5.4m) and Manchester United (4.8m)
The reasons behind support for a club in any country or area are of course complicated, but certain trends can be explained.
The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families.
Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal area of Bajur.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager.
The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012.
Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month.
Tories accuse Labour of a crude new attempt to 'weaponise' the NHS.
Claimed hospitals will not be safe if David Cameron wins the election.
Ed Miliband also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed Coalition made it harder to get a GP appointment.
Mr Miliband claimed there were 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with TSA for six years.
Claims staff bend the rules to get their hands on passengers.
Says groping is a 'daily checkpoint occurrence' in U.S.
Comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired.
The staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public.
Michael Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season for Manchester United.
But the 34-year-old says he wants to be a Formula One driver when his playing days are over.
The former West Ham and Tottenham midfielder is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon.
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer.
She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood - to decide whether or not the family wanted to pardon her or demand her execution.
Gareth Bale injured his calf during Real Madrid's 3-1 win against Malaga.
The 25-year-old is out of their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck against Atletico.
Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez.
David Cameron's party has opened up a four-point lead over Labour, ComRes poll reveals.
Labour is on 32%, Ukip on 10%, Lib Dems on 8% and Greens on 5%.
Poll confirms catastrophic drop in support for the Lib Dems demonstrated in attitudes of its former voters.
Mary Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal.
The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted.
Celtic beat Inverness 2-1 in Scottish Cup semi-final after extra time.
Virgil van Dijk gave the Parkhead side the lead before all the incidents kicked off.
Scottish champions were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields.
The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population.
For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame.
Sarah Grimes sued the coach's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010.
The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries, including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery.
A judge cited Alabama's'stand your ground' law in ruling that Saban only defended herself against Grimes.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday.
She burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Tex quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
The touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers.
Christian Benteke gave Aston Villa the lead in the 35th minute of the game.
Tim Sherwood took over from Emmanuel Adebayor at White Hart Lane last season.
Benteke has now scored six goals in eight games for Villa.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013.
Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen.
One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle.
A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to carer Nermin Kancefer.
He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries.
Four months later, he died at the age of 87.
His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower.
John Terry hails Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players.
Hazard gave Chelsea the lead from the spot against Asmir Begovic.
Diego Costa pulled up with a hamstring injury in the 2-1 win.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia.
This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears.
It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Whenever she draws on the skin, her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs.
Jerald Christopher 'JC' Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment Saturday with two men.
Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
They took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents.
Jackson, who had reportedly been to the apartment to smoke marijuana at other times, turned himself into the Alachua County Sheriff's Office.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp last year.
Her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre in Syria.
But two weeks ago, the family left the camp and moved south.
It is now in the hands of Al Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate Al-Nusra.
This means the family are in danger of becoming victims of a battle between the regime and rebels which has killed 220,000 since 2011.
Vivid Sydney starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists.
Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years.
But she took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with.
Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Hillary Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin didn't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an Ohio Chipotle on Monday - despite there being a jar on the counter.
'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager of the Maumee, Ohio, restaurant told Bloomberg.
The former first lady, secretary of state, New York senator, Clinton's net worth fell somewhere between $5 million and $25 million in 2012.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford killed in road accident in East Sussex.
The 21-year-old had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed.
His family have spoken of how loved he was and say they still can't accept he's gone.
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens.
The Irish rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media, with hilarious consequences.
SNP leader sparked outrage by refusing to rule out second vote on breaking up Union.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP chose to 'constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want'
Ms Sturgeon was booed after saying Scots should be given another say on breaking away from the rest of the UK.
Toronto, Ontario, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow, if the first image was retweeted 500 times.
Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink, all in the name of spreading a message of tolerance and acceptance.
Justin Rose finished second in The Masters at Augusta National earlier this month.
Rose has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana.
Rickie Fowler and Steve Stricker will also play in the Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game.
The pair appear to remain very much an item, but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems.
On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday.
Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, Indiana, which is about an hour drive outside Bloomington.
Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder.
Wilson was a member of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority at IU.
The two-storey hospital outpatient building in Zhengzhou, central China, was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project.
But hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building.
Engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq.
He declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS.
Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit.
The Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in 2013.
But his relatives and friends insist that the will is invalid.
They say Mr Sharp is lying about his friendship with Mr Butcher.
The two sides are locked in a High Court battle at the Royal Courts of Justice.
Budi the orangutan was rescued from a chicken coup in Borneo, Indonesia, last December.
Video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's Orangutan Rescue Centre in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other.
At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss.
He then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
Caretakers at the rescue center say that 15-month-old Budi and Jemmi have developed a 'beautiful friendship'
Stoke City's current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
Mark Hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter.
The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size.
Kate's real due date is today or tomorrow, according to one source.
This would tie in with comments made by the Duchess herself last month.
The 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers Ladbrokes.
But Palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed.
Hull KR beat Bradford Bulls 50-30 at the Odsal Stadium.
Goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points.
It was only Hull KR's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that City are looking to invest in homegrown talent.
Celtic are keen to retain the services of defender Jason Denayer.
Premier League regulations require clubs to carry eight homegrown players.
Liverpool have made contact with Borussia Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc to sound out the figures.
Liverpool are also keen on Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia.
Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan.
Tottenham sent a scout to watch Lille against Bordeaux last weekend.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010.
It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Kind regards and good luck'
Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply.
He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
Stephen Hogger, 55, had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years.
He was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures.
The walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
Chimpanzees crossing a busy road in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look for traffic before crossing.
Adult chimps tend to wait for younger chimps to cross and check they got over safely.
Males with young and injured adults tended to cross less frequently.
They also tended to form small groups of between two to three chimpanzees that crossed at a time.
Matt O'Connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie.
Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the win.
It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
West Ham host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Sam Allardyce's side have lost four of their last five matches.
Click here for all the latest West Ham United news.
Angela Eagle, Labour’s shadow leader of the Commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung Parliament – including the SNP – to ‘try to build a majority’
The SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme.
The unidentified woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue.
Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah.
The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball.
He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for the World Snooker Championship ended on Monday.
The 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world No 30 Matthew Selt at the Crucible.
Steve Davis was also knocked out as he slumped to a 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content'
But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials.
The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons: a TV set for popular TV shows such as Yo Gabba Gabba, a light bulb for educational programmes, a radio for pop songs and more.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by American prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique.
Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
He has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court today said it had not received the money.
The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory.
Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana.
It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north.
Dan Churchill, 25, appeared on Good Morning America to promote his cook book 'Dude Food'
He was joined by Blake Lively, Tim McGraw, Lara Spencer and Jesse Palmer.
Churchill said that the 'Bromance was formed' with fist pumps, banter and tips on how to get out of trouble.
Ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats.
He accused the party of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'
Mr Farage called on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus.
The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday.
Agnese disappeared after a night out at trendy nightclub Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year.
Notable TV shows including True Blood and Twilight are said to be driving surge.
Prof Giuseppe Ferrari, head of Vatican-backed exorcism course, made the revelation.
He told those in attendance: 'There are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people's blood'
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The club legend believes United are 'kings of the city' again.
Cantona has defended his role in latest film, dubbed'soft porn'
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts.
The Toffees boss insists they need to prove they can still be important figures in the club's future.
Distin, who is 38 in December, has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team.
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career.
The 34-year-old defender's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season.
Olivier Giroud had a frustrating afternoon against a rugged Chelsea defence.
John Terry and Gary Cahill are built to deal with players like Giroud.
Wendy Goyer claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built.
The couple's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $2.6 million and features extensive views of Freshwater and Queenscliff beaches.
Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing Ms Goyer's views would be 'destroyed'
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof.
Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc., officials said.
The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum.
It has been nicknamed the plango and is expected to be a big hit.
The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets.
Another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug.
The findings mirror a spike in OAPs being treated for drug abuse.
Figures show 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse last year.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens.
Bosch kicked a last-minute penalty to secure a 12-11 victory over Racing Metro.
The 31-year-old joined the club from Biarritz in 2013.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season.
The Ghana international wants to join the Anfield club he supported as a boy.
Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest.
Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen to speak to him.
Manchester United host Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal revealed that Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will miss the game through injury.
Rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against Chelsea.
Robin van Persie has not started a game since February.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion.
While it is still fun to get on a plane, with the promise of a holiday on the other side, seeing Instagram pictures from Justin Bieber's luxury spacious aircraft could make us wishing we had won the lottery.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when she was in her second grade class in Seattle and then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
They began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual.
Jordan Spieth fired a second-round 62 at the RBC Heritage in South Carolina.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town.
Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday.
Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life.
Amir Khan says he does not know who he will fight on May 30.
Chris Algieri was announced as his opponent last week.
Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs.
The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Mohamed claims he would progress with Arsenal under Arsene Wenger.
Fekir scored Lyon's opener in the 3-1 win over Guingamp on Saturday.
Alex Hales is hoping for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket.
The big-hitting batsman has nine England caps to date.
Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson from Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience, a master’s degree in artificial intelligence, and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering.
But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the suit, after the company inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in Radlett, Hertfordshire last Friday night.
Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house.
Perkins evens for role ahead of Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd.
Clarkson sacked by BBC after he struck and verbally abused producer.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the American flag.
The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17.
24% of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school.
Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram.
Overall Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71% using it.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping.
A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois.
She was crying and waving her hands.
Ikramulla was arrested in Mary 2014 in Portage, Wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property.
Most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning firms don't have to offer up cash if they can prove people weren't careful enough in protecting their possessions.
In the past this was used in cases of burglary where doors or windows were left unlocked or open.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at the prison in Draper, Utah.
He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday.
The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
The Grand National is the highlight of the racing year.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field.
Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for Shutthefrontdoor?
Will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says Pearson is 'his own man'
The pair will be reunited at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions.
Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was'mortified and deeply upset' by the incident.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria.
Sinisa Mihajlovic - the current Blucerchiati boss - is being lined up.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces, appearing to quash rumours that a job swap is imminent.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on January 28.
The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20.
This as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the NFL.
Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas A&M, but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft, noting that he had 'grown up'
Jeff Richmond, who is executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, spoke exclusively to Daily Mail Online.
He described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad'
Sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Another source said Brandt had become fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients.
Manchester United take on Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear in the Premier League table.
Robin van Persie could return to action after recovering from injury.
Manchester City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford.
Ciara Campbell was an officer at Lancaster CID in Lancashire.
She is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times.
The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data.
Also denies eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 in the German Cup semi-final.
Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben.
The German champions only scored once in their last three matches.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, Oregon, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January.
The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister.
His first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive.
Modern humans have been blamed for killing off the Neanderthals by out competing them, breeding with them and even outright murdering them.
But new research suggests it may actually have been infectious diseases carried by our modern ancestors as they migrated out of Africa that finished them off.
Neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred, meaning Europeans now have roughly two per cent Neanderthal DNA.
Llallawavis scagliai was one of the last terror birds to prowl the Earth before they died out 2.5 million years ago.
It was found in a cliff south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina in 2010.
Palaeontologists have reconstructed part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae.
They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today.
Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004.
Mourinho has been in charge of Chelsea for almost five of the Russian's 12 seasons at Stamford Bridge.
A video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau.
The time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch.
Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers.
Two people quickly cross the track in front of the train as it begins picking up speed and passes alongside a ledge that looks down on chalets below.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm.
Instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P.
He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead.
Queen's Hospital ran out of space to store bodies in its mortuary over Easter weekend.
Bosses at Staffordshire hospital didn't tell relatives about arrangement.
Spokesman said use of a refrigerated lorry is normal practice across country.
John Coyne, 56, ran Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London.
He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking.
Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday.
In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon.
The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court.
The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term.
Local sources claim the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $700 between them.
Scott and Mayo Shirley were travelling back to Washington DC after Disney World trip.
They were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
After putting their luggage on the floor of the cabin, the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit.
United Airlines have offered the family a $150 flight voucher and some'mileage points'
The hit US TV series House of Cards features Francis Underwood and his wife Claire, played by Robin Wright.
The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton's third win in four races extends his lead in the championship to 27 points.
The Briton's performances are almost certainly the most complete of his career.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide.
The gas forms through a process called serpentinisation. Serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor.
They say similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal.
27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in Kimberley in September 2011.
The motivational speaker said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours.
She also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 in Lowestoft after long battle with depression.
Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told inquest that friend AJ Sutton later identified body.
Mr Hardman's family said he was 'a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him'
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body.
He has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
Heslip said: 'When I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging. I felt at home'
Arsenal host Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday evening in the Premier League.
The Gunners are seven points clear at the top of the table and a match in hand.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to focus on the next game.
Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood.
He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad.
Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn campaign.
The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned.
Paladini's claim is based on what he says he was told by Darrell Willis, former chief of woodland fires for the city.
Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they hunted and killed what producers thought was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile.
However, suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films with Tuttosport comparing the clash to 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers.
La Gazetta dello Sport are equally bold in their conviction that the Old Lady can overcome the holders and have even mapped out how the tie can be won, which seems to pin hopes on former Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane.
The British No 1 is due to tie the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday.
Amelie Mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to post office, grocery store and school house.
But now, ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis.
Couple, who live in house just north of commissary building, encounter only hired workers in town, which housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women.
Despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has an online dating profile.
He says that he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care.
One of his youngest children, a three-year-old girl, was born after he helped a childless couple have a baby.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at Liverpool and Real Madrid.
The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf, who lifted the famous piece of silverware for Ajax, Real Madrid and Milan.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
The body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night.
Her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found at sheltered accommodation.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Police are now appealing for the public's help to track down Peter Fox.
They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths.
Madeline Luciano allegedly encouraged pupils to write nasty words about classmate.
The 40-year-old claims exercise was meant to teach them to be kinder to each other.
She has now launched court action against New York's education department.
Penn State University scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone.
They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation.
This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars.
However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
The study was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University in Pennsylvania.
Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl.
Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez were sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
More people in Britain back fracking than are opposed to it, Greenpeace survey finds.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction.
But 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique.
Greenpeace accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island allegedly strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'
Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola'
Tim Farron was accused by Jo Stephenson's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest found that Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress'
Mr Stephenson fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in Mr Farron's Westmorland and Lonsdale constituency.
He initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his own mother.
Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden.
He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose are all in attendance.
The Masters 2015 is the first major of the year at Augusta National.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer.
It uses a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator, and a mask which illuminates when the 'beautification' is complete.
Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history.
Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards on stroke of half-time.
That levelled the scores up at 1-1, but Adam's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table.
Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games and have not won away since mid-February.
City host Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday.
The American Chemical Society (ACS) has produced a video as part of its Reactions series.
It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.
Red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation.
Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao on pay per view has been released.
The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11.
It shows both fighters squaring up in the middle of a desert road.
Boxing is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by Mayweather.
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for England.
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland - where the SNP is expected to hold sway after the election.
If Wales votes in favour of the Welsh Assembly having income tax powers, Welsh MPs would also be excluded.
Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor prison hospital.
But now he may be moved to a low-security Priory unit set in Berkshire woodland.
Sutcliffe has expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from God'
Report is being compiled which will be heard next month.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president.
Ukrainian pole vault great is battling Coe for the top job.
The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg on Saturday.
The 24-year-old thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience.
Former Chelsea forward admits not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket.
Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September prior to landing a Listed event there five weeks later.
David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane crashed at Old Buckenham Airfield.
The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show.
A friend who wished to stay anonymous said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978.
The 25-year-old was born in Doncaster and is arguably the greatest Yorkshire batsman of all time.
A mysterious benefactor posted a plain brown envelope to Bath Abbey.
It pledged £1.5million to the church's £20million restoration fund.
Money will be used to repair the collapsing floor, fit heating and expand the building.
Bath Abbey has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding.
19 children attending a primary school in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough.
Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after the outbreak.
But parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester.
Seemingly unaware of the low tide, he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft.
The 11-year-old was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane.
Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances.
He said Lane tried to take advantage of his teenage brother.
'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he said in a telephone interview from a Daytona Beach jail.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus.
Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on Churchill Way.
She had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car.
When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday.
Gomis has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 51.7.
Arsenal trio Olivier Giroud, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil make the top 10.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek.
The father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse.
Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.
One of nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ‘beggars belief’
Adam Barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work.
The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
The Large Hadron Collider was shut down two years ago after confirming the existence of the Higgs boson.
It has now been upgraded and scientists hope to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device's upgrade.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16 and training with the Reading youth team.
The 42-year-old believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players.
Raheem Sterling has flourished under the guidance of Rodgers.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey.
Bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship.
Stadion Chornomorets are offering their players luxury houses near the sea in exchange for wages.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in 89th minute.
The Argentine scored twice in injury time to win the title in 2012.
Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League.
Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential summer targets.
Former White House florist Ronn Payne retold the story in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff.
'Oh, I’ve got to go. The pigs are here,' she told her phone pal, according to Payne – using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement.
Chelsea now runs the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to questions about the 'pigs' episode.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day.
It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once.
Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button, and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair'
New Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million.
He said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year.
The Minister added public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money'
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1.
Prior said: 'We are hugely ambitious as a team and as a company and we want to eventually move up to pro-continental level'
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five.
Police found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers in his dorm room.
The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children.
Chris Blowes is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark.
The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital.
Witnesses said the shark swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received.
Supporters from both clubs protest against the continuing rise of ticket prices.
The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
A fundraising page set up by friends of the family has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week.
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday.
Hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, was allegedly stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed.
Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder.
Liao cried loudly and became increasingly hysterical throughout a short hearing on Thursday before Chief Magistrate Peter Lauritsen, who remanded her until July 22.
Diddy placed a $250,000 bet with Mark Wahlberg ahead of the fight.
The rapper and producer originally suggested a $100,000 wager.
But the pair agreed to put the money where their mouth was.
Mayweather and Pacquiao fight is expected to gross over $300million.
Boxer Adrien Broner has revealed he will be putting down $10,000.
A plane carrying former England rugby captain Lewis Moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the Arctic on Saturday.
The pilot made the decision to bring the plane down, and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft's undercarriage was damaged.
Moody, 36, is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
Residents of Celoron, New York, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has pledged to make a new one.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them.
When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow.
He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources told the New York Post.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training.
The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen.
Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber to aid his recovery.
His mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao is less than two weeks away.
Darren Lehmann defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday’s World Cup final win over New Zealand.
Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill.
A photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott cast a shadow over the Australian's fifth World Cup triumph.
Andrew Danziger flew President Obama's campaign plane in 1989.
The veteran airman said he had his own close encounter in the cockpit.
He said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball'
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out.
The single mother-of-two admits proffering a bus pass in the early hours can be a bit embarrassing.
She says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and false teeth.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in Paisley on Friday night.
Stefan Johansen scored the second goal from the penalty spot.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Two security guards working for TransValue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate.
The men tied the guards' hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods before taking 275lbs of gold.
Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company TransValue - pulled over when one of the guards 'felt sick'
Dietmar Hamann believes Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich.
The World Cup winner was an unused substitute in the 6-1 win over Porto.
Hamann also doubts whether Franck Ribery will fit seamlessly back into the side.
Dr Teresa Belton says simple things such as inviting a lonely person out to tea and singing in a community choir can increase happiness levels over time.
The University of East Anglia expert believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
Belton says it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt.
She said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated for alleged misconduct.
Model Chanel, 19, claims to have covered her face eight to ten times per day in animal blood to maintain her youthful appearance.
Says she has eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young.
Also shows off a daily shot of garlic powder, balsamic vinaigrette, sage, and olive oil - which she claims helps to 'preserve your body'
Jessica Silva has spoken for the first time about the day she killed her partner, James Polkinghorne.
The mother-of-one has walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people'
Michael Usher, the veteran journalist who conducted the interview, has revealed her walked away.
He also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways, Mr Polkhorne could still not understand why his son was dead.
Last month she walked free from court, despite being convicted of manslaughter.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow on April 16.
Judge Nigel Cadbury suggested she had been drinking heavily on the night.
He said: 'It's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such vulnerable positions'
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine.
Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession.
The Belgian star will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz.
Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut ties.
Chelsea looking at alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem.
Mauricio Pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play for the U21s.
Kane made his senior England debut against Italy last week.
The Tottenham striker is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence.
She called the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill'
Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level.
Fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency.
Bertolucci looks after Oscar, Willian and Ramires.
Statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint in the cities of Port Elizabeth and Durban respectively.
Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape.
War memorials were also defaced. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year.
A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother.
The woman, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide.
But the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Brendan Rodgers was fined at Blackburn Magistrates' Court for leaving a house to rot.
He was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish.
But he did not receive a summons from Hyndburn Borough Council.
Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing.
Chelsea shut out Arsenal just a week after doing the same to Manchester United.
Jose Mourinho’s side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.
Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history.
Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp.
Steve Clarke says Federici will bounce back against Birmingham on Wednesday.
The Toyal Lotus lid stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots.
German maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation.
The firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is the creme de la creme of the fashion world, celebrities and millionaire playboys.
Staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea, they converge of the beach - a mass of honeyed limbs and perfect figures.
Rules laid down by Transport for London (TfL) mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Jay Rutland, 34, married Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in a £7million wedding in 2013.
Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments brought in just £3,378.
Former stockbroker lives in £45million house in south-west London with wife and daughter.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791.
This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012.
In 2013, the latest year for which figures are available, 20,307 received As across the board.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round.
Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title.
The Governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations.
Today, Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed.
John Hughes was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves, just weeks before an historic Scottish Cup Final date.
The Caley Thistle boss admits his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last Sunday.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts.
She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs and 'has no vision at all without her glasses'
Tiger Woods struggled to get under par on his first round at Augusta.
The world No 111 missed the green on the sixth and seventh holes.
Woods had worked so hard on his short game, the other quality had been forgotten.
He chipped like a champion and drove like a boy racer.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies.
Bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009.
The 33-year-old said thoughts of losing his place in 2009 was motivating factor.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago.
Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final and keep them on course for quadruple.
Alex Hales and Chris Woakes have called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in Australia and New Zealand.
Hales and Woakes feel that a way of improving England's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like Australia and India with their franchise systems.
Ashley Young has revealed the secret of his Red Devils changing room playlist.
Manchester United star reveals Louis van Gaal has told him to play funky house.
Young was invited on to MUTV's Thursday Focus programme on Thursday.
Former Reds striker Andy Ritchie and Helen Evans hosted the show.
Adam Johnson, 27, has been charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
He is due to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court.
His team is playing Arsenal away that evening in the penultimate game of their league battle against relegation.
Clinton Cash, written by former George W Bush speechwriter Peter Schweizer, is due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins.
The passage, and examples of the donations and decisions Schweizer analyzes, were published Sunday by the New York Times, which was given an advance copy of the book.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book.
The dominatrix claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry.
In January, she said she planned to use a pair of the Prince's underpants for a strip tease act.
But Kensington Palace has dismissed her story as 'untrue'
Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages.
Labour leader said a new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff.
But Nigel Farage and James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so I’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' she told Extra.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side are eight points behind leaders Liverpool.
United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers.
Instead lets boiling water do all the hard work.
Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade around the potato.
Run the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through.
Nicky Buckley, 49, has written a new memoir about her nine month pregnancy.
The Australian weather presenter was slammed for showing her bump on TV.
Bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family.
Despite her blossoming belly and impending birth, unintentionally she sparked a very public debate that divided a nation.
P-22 was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac's Los Feliz home on Monday.
The mountain lion, known as P-22, had been living in the area for some time.
On Tuesday morning, animal welfare officers conducted a thorough search of the area.
They fired beanbags, the same kind police sometimes use for human crowd control.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in Orting, Washington.
Was fired by the chief of police after just under a year on the town's force.
Claims he was fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Hinckley's lawyer and treatment team say he's ready to live.
full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in Virginia under certain conditions.
He has been allowed freedom in stages. He spends 17 days a month at his mother's Williamsburg home.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head.
According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation.
The father then ran into the boy's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting, authorities said.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put Arsenal 3-0 ahead.
Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool.
Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a brilliant strike.
Sportsmail's Matt Barlow casts his eye over the two teams' performances at the Emirates.
Roma's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be closed for their match with Atalanta.
A banner taunting the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year caused outcry.
The taunts were aimed at Antonella Leardi whose son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during violent clashes that followed last year's Coppa Italia final in Rome.
Napoli defeated Fiorentina 3-1 in the final, but the incident involved clashes with Roma supporters - encouraging Leardi to start a campaign against football violence.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
The rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
It is one of the biggest takeovers ever.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet.
Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault.
Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Not long after their arrest, cell phone video emerged showing Avery and her friend Patricia Montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of the home of Jayvon Woolfork.
Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online.
The pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing – and they have been viewed more than 30,000 times.
Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes.
Police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an ATM from a California gas station last Friday morning.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek.
While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township, Hualien county.
His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door.
Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard.
He slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky and called police.
Chancellor warns of 'dangerous cocktail' if SNP holds the balance of power.
Says SNP would be stronger force in Labour minority government propped up by SNP.
Comes after SNP leader Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's budget'
David Cameron and Boris Johnson join forces to warn of 'constitutional crisis'
Jules Bianchi sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014.
The Formula One driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable.
Philippe Bianchi has opened up on the anguish he and his family have gone through since the accident.
Study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others.
Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms.
Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess.
If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in the win over Stoke City on April 4.
The Chelsea striker was expected to be out for a month.
Jose Mourinho said Costa's recovery is going well.
Mourinho hinted Loic Remy could return against Manchester United.
American Teri O'Neil, 30, recorded the clip when she was six months pregnant with her son Liam.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
Ten-man Southampton beat Blackburn 1-0 in the Premier League U21 Cup.
Sam Gallagher scored a stunning long-range winner in extra time.
Ryan Seager and Matt Targett also scored for the Saints.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean.
Lyth hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132. Wisden later called him ‘the find of the season’
Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned Theo Walcott's confidence is plummeting.
Theo Walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy.
Wenger says he will have a heart-to-heart chat with the Arsenal winger.
Walcott was starting his first international game in 18 months having injured his cruciate ligaments.
Caroline Garcia beat Ana Ivanovic 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix.
Ivanovic had already beaten Garcia two previous times this year.
Other seeds made it through their first-round matches on Tuesday in Russian Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro (eight)
Manchester City Ladies lost 1-0 to Arsenal in the Women's Super League.
Jill Scott was sent off for headbutting Jade Bailey on Sunday.
The 28-year-old apologised for the incident after the game.
City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character'
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine.
The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her assets while away.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four.
Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion.
World endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races.
The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality.
Tiger Woods was forced to miss the Masters due to injury.
Woods hit a shot out of the pine straw on the ninth hole.
The 21-year-old was beaten by fellow Texan Rory McIlroy.
Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season in 2-0 win at Carrow Road.
Norwich move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment.
The 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as 'humble and down to earth'
Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray.
'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors made an emotional statement.
They were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes', referring to the fact that Down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
Accused of inappropriately touching nurses while working at Arrowe Park Hospital.
Nurse A alleged he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays.
She later told friends she felt 'violated' before contacting police.
An estimated 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in AFNetworking.
This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster.
The flaw leaves any information, even if sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea for £6.75million.
Former Arsenal and Tottenham defender blasted the proposed mansion tax, describing it as a 'cheap and easy way to extract money from individuals who have done well'
Miracle Godson, from Marsh Green in Wigan, was reported missing on Friday.
He jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near the town.
Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found.
Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course.
Theo Walcott has been on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Premier League games.
The 26-year-old came on for the last six minutes of Arsenal's 0-0 draw with Chelsea on Sunday.
Walcott will be hoping to make his first start since March 14 against West Ham.
Violeta Tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge on social media.
She has put a shot glass over her mouth and sucked in until the vacuum of air causes her lips to swell.
The bizarre result is said to be painful and last up to hours.
Despite being quite alarmed, Violeta wonders whether she could get the same effect to plump up her butt.
Countless teens have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and Instagram.
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into the Londis shop in Cleveleys.
Pair demanded cash from the till, but parents refused to hand it over.
They then pulled out a'realistic looking' handgun and waved it in their faces.
Munro and Thompson then threw handfuls of sweets at the couple, before fleeing empty handed.
The pair were jailed for five years and four months at Preston Crown Court.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance.
The Royals have struggled in the Championship this season.
Jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, has sired a brood with at least ten mothers.
He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
MacDonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his.
New York City's Library Hotel has more than 6,000 books at its fingertips.
Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories.
Every room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 at the King Power Stadium on Wednesday.
Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go.
Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker struck to set up a final against Chelsea later this month.
Arsenal have won 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row.
Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' as his selected track.
Nacho Monreal chose David Guetta's lead single from his sixth album 'Dangerous'
David Ospina chose Colombian rap with J Balvin's 'Tranquila'
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod – but was the achievement just a hoax?
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod.
Queen Margrethe waved to crowds from the balcony of the Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen.
She was joined by her son Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children.
Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze.
It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt.
Schmidt revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Spartak Moscow were sanctioned for displaying a racist banner.
The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol'
The club were fined £2,500 and had an appeal against the sanctions rejected.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden.
Klitschko is a mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt.
The Ukrainian won 116-111 on two of the judges cards and by a margin of 118-109 on the other.
Adam Peaty breaks the men's 100m breast stroke world record.
His time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Peaty has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off and is thrilled with the win.
Israeli girl thought to have been in the toilet on the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry.
Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat.
Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Chelsea Manning has started a Twitter account from Leavenworth military prison in Kansas.
The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer.
Comes after the announcement last month of an EU cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments.
The company has warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1.
Carter and Jack Hanson, from Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, where he served decades before.
It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about Mr Harding on their first trip to Yorktown and the Patriot's Point museum.
Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season.
The defender's deal is set to expire this summer.
Flanagan has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the Argentine.
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his left leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
Surgeons had to replace the main artery with a vein and needed 112 staples.
Mabbutt, who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17, will not be able to play football again, leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford.
It was Rooney's sixth goal in eight matches for United since being restored up front by Louis van Gaal after a spell in midfield.
United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com.
Law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves, they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries.
Some of the world's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with.
From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps.
One 'conjure chest' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave, causing her fellow slaves to have a conjurer curse it.
Sami Khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid.
Manchester United have maintained an interest in the Germany international.
Liverpool and Arsenal are also interested in Real Sociedad's Asier Illaramendi.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao take on each other at the MGM Grand on Friday night.
The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles.
Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder look set to face each other.
Hillary Clinton flew from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.m. flight to the same destination.
The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach.
Just a day earlier, her motorcade zipped along wet New Hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time.
Stuart Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean.
Broad says it will be a great achievement for Jimmy Anderson to become England's leading wicket taker.
The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine.
Ellie, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year.
They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for.
Once the family posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Huddersfield were held to a goalless draw by Brighton at the Amex Stadium.
Demarai Gray scored twice as Birmingham City drew 2-2 with Blackburn.
Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton.
Dane Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year deal with Hull KR.
The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus forward has made 200 appearances Down Under.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio.
When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings.
The Hoops have written to the Scottish Football Association in order to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday.
Williams had a 70-7 lead in winners but struggled to dictate play.
Next up was a potentially decisive doubles match between Flavia Pennetta and Christina McHale.
Charlie Adam scored a late winner as Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman's Southampton.
Mame Biram Diouf opened the scoring for the visitors after Morgan Schneiderlin prodded Southampton into a deserved lead.
But a second-half turnaround with goals from Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam damaged the visitors hopes of finishing in the top four.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1.
Hull City remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at Southampton.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour.
It cuts through the heart of the stunning Douro Valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below.
Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom.
Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Level student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
Palermo striker Paulo Dybala has scored 13 league goals this season.
The 21-year-old has also attracted interest from Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid.
Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for the striker, who admitted he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing.
The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled.
Sea Shepherd's vessels Bob Barker and Sam Simon rescued the men from the ocean.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her home on 18 March 1975.
Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway.
Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was found on the victims, who did not know each other.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu.
Spanish keeper has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons.
De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland.
Photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia.
A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters.
The violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally, when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face.
Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused'
Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms.
But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties.
The pair met at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013, Old Bailey told.
He used 'cake' as code for bomb, but Thomas failed to understand ruse.
Islamic then used his friend to help assemble parts for a pipe bomb, jury told.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds.
They set a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile.
Land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition, and followed Mr Seaton to their new home.
Wood bison were imported from Canada to the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine.
Pushing these sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people.
If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in.
The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China.
A hotel receptionist working across the road said she heard a loud bang around midnight.
When she went out to have a look she discovered there was the body of a boy lying on top of a white car.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
The Filipino boxer has revealed his colourful mouthpiece.
Pacquiao is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon Mayweather.
Cape Verde's 2-0 friendly win over Portugal was the most eye-catching international result of the week.
The tiny island is 400 miles from Senegal off the west coast of Africa and has a population of just 500,000 people.
It is a picturesque island off the African coast with both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes, making it a haven for tourism.
Gordon Robson, 26, hit John Potts, 45, in the back of the head with a single punch.
Robson had been drinking at NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear.
The father-of-six had been a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral.
Chilling dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern Siberia.
The clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
At the start visibility for the driver with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash.
President Barack Obama arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning.
Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Karen Davis has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour.
The 38-year-old from Port Pirie has caused controversy after a picture appeared on Google Maps Street View showing her bearing her size-K breasts.
Ms Davis has hit back at the controversy saying 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies and should focus on how they look.
She plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday.
Roy Hodgson's side face Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night.
Wayne Rooney and Daniel Sturridge are likely to start up front for England.
Jordan Henderson and Jordan Henderson have struggled at the World Cup.
Click here for more England news.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century.
Jack Johnson was the bane of the white supremacists in America in the early 1900s.
They hated it when the Galveston Giant beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908 to win the title they had brandished as the symbol of their racial superiority.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday.
The 19-year-old has not even been named in the Saints squad.
Gallagher says he hopes Ronald Koeman caught his eye.
Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am on Sunday.
Sierra Pippen, 20, allegedly urinated on the lobby floor of the hotel.
Pippen was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security.
Rory McIlroy insists he has arrived at Augusta ready for the Masters.
The world No 1 has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta National.
McIlroy is hoping to complete the career grand slam by winning the tournament.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week and declares that it's the only job she's ever had or ever wanted.
Eddingfield says she remembers when French fries and a classic Coca-Cola cost just 65 cents at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century.
Linda MacDonald, 55, ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
When officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of.08.
Labour leader says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing'
Comes after chaotic launch of plan to abolish non-dom tax status for foreigners.
Labour claims police are'struggling to keep up' with rise in child sexual exploitation, terrorism and online crime.
Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties, the U.S. Census Bureau has revealed.
The government agency released the updated figures online Tuesday.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings.
Ludogorets defender Cosmin Moti made one of the worst tackles of the season.
He connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage but the referee waved play on.
Moti saved two penalties during a Champions League play-off against Steaua Bucharest back in August.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback.
The return of the highly impractical jeans, which featured giant leg openings approaching 50in, has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past.
For the first time in its history Cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different fillings.
The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao next month in Las Vegas.
Mayweather's chef reveals he loves his snacks on'snack day'
'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220)
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart.
She began to show worsening symptoms like headaches, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later.
By October 2014, Reef would be dead. She was 20-years-old.
Her family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013.
Ander Herrera says Paul Scholes was a 'one off' for Manchester United.
The Spaniard has played down comparisons with the former England international.
Herrera took part in one of Manchester United Foundation's Dream Days.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson joined forces to slam SNP plans to prop up Labour.
London Mayor claimed it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station has been restored to its former glory.
Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year.
The art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s.
It became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman Harris K. Telemacher stopping to fill up with lover Sara McDowel.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24.
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony following the raids.
A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising.
Three of the men were released by Victoria Police on Saturday evening
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005.
They spent £35,000 on restoring it with friends in Devon over five years.
It's now listed on eBay for £120,000 which is 100 times what they originally bought it for.
The Prime Minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion.
He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace.
Nakatani said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
Edward Snowden claims British agents spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011.
Claims include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government.
Argentina still claims territorial rights to the islands, which they refer to as 'Malvinas'
There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims.
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog in August last year that was called 'Killing Children'
There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood'
Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body'
The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the
The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly smothering 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday.
Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
She was sentenced to probation after Tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head, arm and ear in 2011.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy.
Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Eight months later Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed and nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus.
The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Ms Perry praised the work of doctors at Lady Cilento Children's Hospital, describing their work as 'amazing'
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface.
It followed claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
The agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade.
The advert was created by George Patts Y&R for Revlon as part of a major rebrand.
The stylish ad is filmed entirely in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade.
Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday.
Jenson Button has been training for Sunday's London Marathon.
Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making stir-fried dishes.
He also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife.
Ms Zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker.
The former Manchester United manager believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi.
Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar.
He also rates Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes as the best players he has managed.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965.
He had become a personal friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders.
Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network.
It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band.
Instead of playing with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors.
During its prime in 2009 the Guitar Hero series topped $2 billion (£1.3 billion) in sales but Activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped.
The game is expected to launch internationally, although details about pre-orders and a release date haven't been announced.
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags.
But out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track.
It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Rangi Chase was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday.
Salford went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 at the John Smith's Stadium.
Chase has been asked to appear before an independent disciplinary tribunal on Wednesday evening.
Birmingham Airport could soon be known as 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S.
The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China.
But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1.
Ronaldo has not been at his best this season, but turned things around on Sunday.
The Portuguese star took to Twitter to share his celebrations.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers.
But after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday.
His parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle veered off the edge of the harbor.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading because the club had no spares.
The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the 27-year-old.
Blackpool's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico, when he made the chilling remark around a week ago.
Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher.
An internal investigation was taking place into the alleged employee misconduct with the Albuquerque Police Department.
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream.
The pictures that were being taken in China were automatically uploaded to Matt's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed, he began writing and Tweeting about it.
Over in China, Mr Hongjun got a call from his nephew who told him his photos were all over the internet.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school.
She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety.
For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Swansea have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede.
Gestede has scored 20 goals this season and is rated at £7million by Rovers.
Anderlecht hitman Aleksandar Mitrovic and Club Brugge striker Obbi Oulare are also on the Swans' summer wish-list.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Northampton.
Brentford travel to Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Monday.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals.
Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies.
The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Sean Dyche has improved Burnley's fortunes since taking over in October 2012.
Dyche led the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season.
Burnley are next in action on Sunday when they host Tottenham.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, are being put through their paces by instructors every day to help them lose weight.
The classes are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master.
Headmaster said he wanted to tackle the issue of obesity to stop the children developing health problems in later life, and becoming socially isolated.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
Hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
The former Premier League defender tried to kill himself in December.
He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on April 12.
Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League.
Joe Hart has had 'a lot of honest conversations' with his team-mates.
Hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever birthed in the UK.
The creature was born at Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire on Tuesday.
He towers over his peers at 14inches tall and weighs 25lbs.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades.
Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for stars including Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Scott Walker, Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark.
But when Trent died last month, Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye.
The Mail on Sunday can reveal that Hatch was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory, who today accuses the composer of breaking his wife's heart.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, from Madhya Pradesh in central India, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body.
His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm.
Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out.
Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Spurs' youth system.
Pochettino insists it is Hugo Lloris' ambition to play Champions League football with the club.
Dmitry Kaminskiy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'
He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after six minutes at Portman Road.
Kenwyne Jones levelled for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute.
Jones came off the bench to score within three minutes of his debut.
Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail.
Fans took to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' and urge the BBC to hurry up with series two.
The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far, pulling in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and a massive 6.1 million for last night's finale.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera'
The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment.
Wolves moved into sixth place in the Championship with a fourth successive victory.
David Edwards, the substitute, headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game.
Pre-match results had offered Wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone, with Brentford and Ipswich Town dropping points unexpectedly.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court.
The court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday.
As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review.
Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it.
Manchester City face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child.
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals.
Former defender Eric Abidal believes the current crop are on their way.
Abidal was part of Pep Guardiola's brilliant Barcelona team that won six trophies in 2009.
Barcelona face Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, it has been revealed.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers.
One in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana Monday, and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested.
Marc is accused of threatening a police officer while in custody, according to a separate police report.
Another man, 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez, was charged with second-degree murder and marijuana possession with intent to sell for his alleged role.
Both Marc and Marc were arrested under a Florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder.
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday.
One of the students, 19-year-old Joe Brittman, has been charged with aggravated riot, simple assault and vandalism.
Williams Jr. rushed to his car as the attack began, but almost lost it when the teenagers almost his child.
Dr. Frederic Brandt was suffering from extreme depression for just 10 days before he killed himself on Sunday.
Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend, John Joseph Hupert, at around 9.15am on Easter Sunday morning.
Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal.
J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday.
Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots.
Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United.
The 46-year-old grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight.
He then burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin.
After frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par.
The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters.
Spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round.
Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under.
EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16.
McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for the game this year.
The latest version features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride.
They're joined by country music enthusiasts, history buffs and locals with a hankering for buttermilk biscuits or a fondness for 'The Dukes of Hazzard'
Research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of foods.
The intensity of Nessun Dorma, performed by Luciano Pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee.
In Ultraviolent restaurant in Shanghai, fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the Beatles, while in El Celler de Can Roca in Girona, Spain, scented meringue comes with a commentary describing Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi in action.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week.
His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
She added that her son's life could be forever changed by what happened and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills.
Mark Carney spotted jogging in Hyde Park with no fewer than four water bottles.
He was also wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sitting in front room of home.
Thugs began pelting front window with stones in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
Mr Young confronted them about throwing stones at property last Friday.
He was hit in the face with a brick but doctors could not save his left eye.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic defeated Marin Cilic in straight sets.
Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with a shoulder injury.
Pablo Andujar of Spain defeated 11th seed Joao Sousa 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60.
Menendez helped Melgen get visas for married Melgen's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of 'Sexy' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to Florida to live in one of his homes.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the River Thames.
Prout travelled along the river in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room, capturing and developing his images on site.
His collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, such as Windsor Castle, seen from the banks today.
The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Giorgio Armani, 80, spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements and men who work out too much.
The Milan-born designer emphasised his appreciation of a 'healthy' look.
He said: 'I like somebody healthy, somebody solid, who looks after his body but doesn't use his muscles too much'
Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply.
at product launch.
Apple's website listed shipping times in June for some models of the.
watch and four to six weeks for others.
Footballer Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide.
Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before passing out.
Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health.
Sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug.
Olivia Palermo has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote.
The £995 Marylebone TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf, complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware.
All of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to ADCAM.
Juventus host Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Carlos Tevez has scored six Champions League goals this season.
Juventus are 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio in Serie A.
Video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces.
But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb.
Just as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework.
It is the latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS attacks.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
The 26-year-old hopes to use 2015 to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 Olympics.
Phillips failed to defend his title last year, but is determined to take it back this July in Belgium.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct.
An investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients, some of whom had trouble with similar drugs in the past.
She has been prosecuted by the Health Care Complaints Commission for her conduct between August 2007 and August 2009.
The tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up.
Briony Ingerson posted the image from an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago.
She used the hashtag #IHopeThisComesOff alongside the photo of herself painted in black, seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume.
The issue was flagged by journalism student Ahmed Yussuf who complained about the photo.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit.
The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
It crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line, dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles parked nearby.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy.
The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa'
The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game.
He scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday.
Kardashian family are in Armenia on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad's birth.
They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel Yerevan which frames Republic Square at the heart of the city.
The hotel has the burliest of bodyguards and police in tow as they take in the sights.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013.
He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him.
Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham this season.
Eden Hazard is the odds-on favourite to win PFA Players' Player of the Year.
Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea.
Incident happened during rush hour in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.
Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card in Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano.
Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya.
The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders.
The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year.
The 19-year-old has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015.
Rory McIlroy has tipped the Scot to be a success when he decides to turn professional.
McIlroy was on the losing side in the 2007 Walker Cup.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures.
Jose Mourinho and his back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline.
Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle.
Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Gomis scored a thunderous overhead kick before half-time to seal a 3-1 victory for Swansea.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid.
Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, made the unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in Baltimore.
At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
Walsh later deleted the post - but not before enraged local attorneys recorded and shared the post.
Adam Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Usain Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon.
Gemili says Bolt gives him great advice to enjoy athletics and have fun with it.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes.
Allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in south London.
It is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute.
Luis Enrique's side had taken a 4-1 aggregate lead at the Nou Camp.
Andres Iniesta added a second for PSG shortly after half-time.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California.
He didn't even notice the striking formation until he checked his camera when he got home.
The image went viral on Reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his boss a doctor's note.
Said to be an employee of Pizza Hut, the firm requires a note for sick.
The letter was shared by a friend, who posted it on Reddit.
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week.
The world No 1 is 103 places above Tiger Woods in the world rankings.
McIlroy played golf from a young age and always admired Woods.
Woods has confirmed he is ready to play at Augusta after spell working on his game.
Men, women and children boarded United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado.
The 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs.
But then languished for another six hours, before everybody was ordered off anyway.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions.
Cook and Trott scored 231 against New Zealand in Dunedin in March 2013.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next month’s series in England.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13.
She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year.
Inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents struggled to treat her.
Doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that she refused to accept she had mental health problems.
After her death, notes she had written saying she was 'tormented by voices' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers.
The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness.
Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink.
The sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket in Antigua.
But the Durham all-rounder's front foot crossed the line.
Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind.
Burnley striker Danny Ings hasn't scored since February 11.
Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League.
The Burnley manager insists it's unfair to pin the club's survival hopes on one man.
A Humans of New York photographer shared this image of a NY resident whose name is Beyoncé.
The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name.
She said: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person'
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student.
A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'fraternization' with two other students.
McDonough applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution.
Lindsay Sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year.
The 58-year-old was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot.
She has been languishing on death row in Bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £1.6million of cocaine through the island's airport in 2012.
Sandiford said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'
Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine Cosmopolitan's website.
Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is 'OK for other adults but not for me'
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, now 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez.
Van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road in 1995.
Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella in California this weekend.
The arts and music extravaganza is known for their 'out there' outfit choices but this year festival-goers wore ever more outlandish looks.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down.
It caused the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop.
The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database.
The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine.
It hopes the collection of DNA samples would fit well with new laws requiring all owners in Britain to microchip their dogs by April next year.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's on New Year's Day.
The father-of-two admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area'
He shrugged his shoulders at Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before being taken away by the stewards during the match.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 at the Betfred World Championship.
McGill was the architect of Selby's demise 10 years ago.
Selby became the 16th man to falter, joining Steve Davis, Stephen Hendry and Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited Red Hot World Buffet in Deansgate, Manchester.
She ordered Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10, and friend's friend.
But instead of Sweet Kiss, staff put two Sex on the Beach cocktails in front of girls.
Ms Dodds said: 'How dare they blame it on me. It makes me out to be a bad mother'
Amanda, 42, stars in new fragrance campaign for Air Wick.
Says simple touches can make a real difference to a home.
Admits that one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with fragrance.
Bridesmaids star Chris O'Dowd expressed frustration with Gatwick Airport staff.
The 35-year-old tweeted: 'Some might think body-searching a baby and binning his bottle was over zealous and weird, but not me!'
Incident occurred a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for killing J.T. McGarr in 1980.
But DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from original trial.
New evidence proved Hanline was innocent and longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday.
It was Arsene Wenger's eighth win in a row.
The win kept up the pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table.
But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with English subtitles detailing his train of thought.
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies.
The tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, as well as a name-making century from all-rounder Jason Holder.
Holder's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest.
She was the youngest player ever to have appeared in the U.S Women's Open.
The decision has sparked a mixed response from readers.
It is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover.
Kecil the orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and another surrogate mother rejected him.
But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo.
Maggie, 53, has raised Kecil for the past 10 months, and the two now have an inseparable bond.
Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues.
Maj-Gen Alastair Duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit following a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode four months ago.
Former servicemen have hit out at the MoD over its continuing use of Lariam.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury.
Palace boss Alan Pardew says the striker has a 'bionic' knee.
Pardew believes Murray is reaping rewards from loan spell with Reading.
Smiling conmen were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera.
Pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons.
West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey believes they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games.
Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence.
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created the Women of Silicon Valley blog to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women.
She says the goal of the project is 'to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success, these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms'
St Mirren's Steven Thompson accidentally speared John McGinn with a pole.
The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season.
Thompson scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Robert Fidler built mock-Tudor castle in Salfords, Surrey, in 2002.
The 66-year-old hid behind hay bales and tyres for four years to hide it.
He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he could exploit loophole.
But local authority laid siege by refusing retrospective permission.
Now, Eric Pickles has finally ruled four-bedroom home must be pulled down.
Features include weathered brick and stone, carved wooden pillars and beams.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle.
She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home because she felt that it was her fault.
Lee, 38, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court.
Charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child.
Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball.
Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'poison pen' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media.
'Stop and think - if every mother posted all that c**p about their kid - I'm sure you'd get over it pretty quickly,' the letter reads.
The dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter.
Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has ‘backfired’ as she is ‘feeling
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell.
Detectives spent just over an hour at the 63-year-old's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon.
The home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished.
William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight in a
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday.
The 34-year-old will face Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup.
Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud has died aged 84 from skin cancer.
Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series.
He became the first to scale the double of 200 wickets and 2,000 runs.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday.
The 21-year-old secured his first ever major title at Augusta.
Spieth was presented with a set of plastic clubs by last year's Masters champion Bubba Watson.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets at Surrey on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
Pietersen tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption: 'In the office today. £Oval'
The 34-year-old is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future.
In March 2013, Musk contacted Google co-founder Larry Page, according to the excerpt, which cited two people close to the situation.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt.
Shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting.
Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight.
But the college student was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up.
Shocked, Hayleigh shot back: 'What? What do you mean? So you don't want to be with me?'
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States'
Christie's response seemed to please many in the audience, who clapped each chance they got to affirm Christie's no-nonsense attitude.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
Burnley winger has run 210.5 miles between Turf Moor and Crystal Palace.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen is second in the list.
Sean Dyche's Burnley squad have run 2,172.3 miles this season.
This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country.
The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
On Saturday, as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers.
Former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee Rurik Jutting faces life in prison if he is convicted of the grisly murders of two women.
Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead.
Both were found naked and with knife wounds to their legs and buttocks.
Jutting is being held at Hong Kong's maximum security Siu Lam psychiatric prison.
Kim Jong-Un allegedly scaled Mount Paektu near the Chinese border.
The 32-year-old leader appeared in yet another unusual set of pictures.
Pictures released by North Korean state media show him smiling on the top.
He then greeted Korean People's Army pilots at the summit.
Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
Tabitha Bennett'set up a fight between her 13-year-old daughter and a 14-year old girl in New Port Richey, Florida on April 12'
Bennett allegedly told the older girl that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl.
She allegedly told her daughter, 'Get on top of her' and 'kick her a**'
Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones.
Ibrahim Anderson, 38, and Shah Jahah Khan, 62, both deny terror offences.
The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street.
Both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation.
Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a grey cardigan.
Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Aristocrat Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein is 27 years younger than former Spanish king.
Alleged affair ended in 2014 when Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of son Felipe.
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne had a range of requests.
A live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits.
Two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day.
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them.
Each could claim for up to £100,000 after CPS dropped prosecution against him.
One man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages.
His solicitor Peter Garsden said suing'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark was in Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9, 1940.
The 43-year-old wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons, embellished with a brooch.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida.
Annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her distraught parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived.
The Cox's contacted Angel Gowns, a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, has been charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the deaths of his wife and two young children.
The bodies of Christine, 37, Celeste, 2, and Timothy, 8, were found Monday evening at the family's home in Eastpointe, Michigan.
Police say he strangled his wife, 2-year-old daughter Celeste and son Timothy III to death with a USB cord.
Police began combing woodland in Argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control.
At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board.
It comes after a rescue operation was launched in the Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass earlier today.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting.
The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700.
Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a 'high-performance work space'
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park.
Lucas Leiva missed three previous trips to Wembley due to injury.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the semi-final on April 19.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister.
The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'
The coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway.
He had to do it while carrying a bus full of French tourists.
Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slide into the estuary.
Actor Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career.
Mr Hardy is a keen military historian and expert on medieval longbow.
He is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles and crystal chandeliers.
Jerry Tarkanian was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas at 4am on Friday.
The family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his neighbour Terrence Freebody's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home in Canberra in July 2012.
Costa was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder, a jury has heard.
A forensic psychiatrist examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of his state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for a Muslim woman and her partner on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon.
She recorded the racially-charged rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman, and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home.
Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Valdosta State University, Georgia, was forced to cancel classes Friday ahead of a rally that drew hundreds to the campus.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators.
She was not a student at the university, according to the school.
The flag-walking demonstration involved three protesters, university spokesman Andy Clark said.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country.
The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign.
Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the online campaign.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £1million.
It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India.
Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs, the property is set over 2,542sq ft and has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and a cellar.
The main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace.
There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club.
But well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round.
The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen's members as part of the deal to play the tie there.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, says she was arrested on Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen.
She says guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch.
The beach is located in tourist area of Quintana Roo in eastern Mexico.
Police insist that the woman was removed because she had 'assaulted a group of private guards'
Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a ticket in his car, even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard.
The businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a Torbay council car park.
Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune on New Zealand's west coast, in March 2013.
He and his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their three children have lived in the commune for two years.
After their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
They were particularly afraid they may have lost their 'Salvation' with God.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider.
Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out.
He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal, called Tempa.
Dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua.
Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many.
James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England dismissed West Indies for 295 in their first innings.
Spuran Spuran announced debut song 'Spurs!' in hilarious video.
Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band.
Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match, as they aim to defend their NBA title.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit Bayern Munich in the fall-out of their shock Champions League defeat by Porto.
The 72-year-old claims the German champions' medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night's 3-1 first-leg defeat in Portugal.
His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be African-American.
This just over one month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city.
The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election.
Michael Owen dismissed Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Chelsea as a potential Goal of the Season contender.
The former England striker sparked a debate on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday.
Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport.
The four-year-old had packed it in his hand luggage for a flight to Lanzarote.
But security officers took exception when it was picked up on X-ray machines.
They demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down.
Dad Phil has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous'
Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7.
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA'
Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species.
This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism'
And humans have been eating it for thousands of years.
Father Damian Maria Montes belted out the Robbie Williams ballad while donning his priest's collar.
As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent.
The driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand.
Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
Keshwa Chaca is the last Inca rope bridge in the Andes near Huinchiri, Peru.
It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below.
Locals rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their ancestors.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad.
Dieters must limit eating the designated unhealthy foods, eating less than one tablespoon of butter a day and eating cheese, fried or fast food to less than once a week.
Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform.
He proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on Facebook.
The image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours.
Charles and Camilla are known as the Duke and Duchess of Rothesay in Scotland.
They were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire.
But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
Lucas Leiva and Alex Song could leave Liverpool in the summer.
Roberto Mancini is keen on signing Manchester City duo Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure.
Click here for all the latest transfer news.
10 war widows have travelled to Gallipoli for Anzac Day this year.
Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she landed in Turkey on Thursday.
She is one of 10 widows brought to the historic battlefield by the Department of Veteran's Affairs.
The group have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders.
Maria McErlane visited The Datai, a luxury hotel in Malaysia.
It has all the colour and wonder of the Emerald City, she says.
Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea, 20 miles off the coast of Malaysia.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A.
Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'
Juventus are unbeaten at home this season.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy French club from Sevilla in 2013.
Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
The 22-year-old has impressed Liverpool scouts in Europe and Ligue 1 this season.
Google has announced a new tool that locates phones by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage.
It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed.
When the user is signed into their Google account on Chrome, the same Google account must be signed into on the phone.
The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37,'suffered from post-natal depression'
She allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, their six-week-old baby.
Mr Shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children.
But police now believe Perez friman, a Spanish national of Cuban descent, to be the culprit.
Anthony Joshua stopped Jason Gavern twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle.
Joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans.
Robert Durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 World Trade Center.
He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana - one of possessing a.38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction.
The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of his friend Susan Berman.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship at Ibrox.
Lee McCulloch was shown a straight red card for fouling Osman Sow.
Stuart McCall says the Gers captain apologised to him and the players.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences.
WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits.
Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark, but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman.
Howman initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong, then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers.
Swansea drew 1-1 with Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Roberto Martinez felt Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick.
But Michael Oliver deemed Coleman's handball deliberate, and gave a penalty.
Kendall and Baylee Horton were born with very different skin tones.
Their father is half Jamaican, while their mother is white.
This means they have inherited different genes from their parents.
In odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of New South Wales.
One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Another was filmed far away from its usual address in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle.
The intense weather conditions started on Monday, lashing the region with heavy rain and high winds.
More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as Porto won the competition.
Jose Mourinho led Porto to glory in 2004 but later moved to Chelsea.
Lopetegui has brought in Oliver Torres and Cristian Tello to develop a defined style of play.
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to Fabio Fognini in the third round of the Barcelona Open in front of a home crowd.
The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court.
Fognini will now face Pablo Andujar, who also caused an upset against fifth seed Feliciano Lopez.
Aaron Hernandez will be moved to maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley, Massachusetts.
Hernandez will no longer be No 81 having been given his prison number: W106228.
The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs.
He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations.
A three-bedroom apartment in London has been put on the market for just £575,000.
But the property has just three years left on the lease and is in dire need of renovation.
The 'unmodernised' maisonette in exclusive Egerton Place, is described as 'bright and well proportioned' with 1,990 sq/ft of space.
It boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a reception room and utility room along with a lift, parking and a communal garden.
England captain Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton.
Joe Root is England's outstanding batsman with 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies.
Root is the fifth England batsman  to score six consecutive 50s.
Hillary Clinton stopped in Le Claire, Iowa, on Tuesday for a cup of joe - and of tea - and at Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her.
The 'Scooby' van, named as an homage to the Scooby-Doo cartoon and its 'Mystery Machine' vehicle, is an upgraded Chevrolet 1500.
Hillary and top aide Huma Abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle on Monday in the Toledo suburb of Maumee.
Loushanna and Shawn Craig had gone to Tenerife for three-day break.
The 37-year-old was marooned on island for up to two weeks after ID was stolen.
Mother-of-four, who has Jamaican passport, has placed blame squarely on Ryanair.
She claims that she has the right documentation to prove she was allowed to return.
But the budget airline refused to fly her home anyway.
The Merfin is a monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid.
Created by Australian freediver Kazzie Mahina, 37, who can hold her breath for five minutes.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims.
But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs.
This could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told Hugh Hewitt.
McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's announcement that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
President Barack Obama's spokesman Josh Earnest in turn said it was 'naïve and reckless' for McCain 'to believe every word of the Supreme Leader's political speech'
Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half if they enjoy two cups of coffee a day.
Tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells.
The hormone drug is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause, usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment.
Bafetimbi Gomis opened the scoring for Hull in the 18th minute.
Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half.
Gomis doubled the home side's lead shortly before half-time.
Rory McIlroy recorded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the Masters.
The world No 1 was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th.
McIlroy is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'
Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580.
James Houlder, 30, fell ill while on holiday with his partner Vicki Hood last summer.
They had saved up for months for the sunshine break at the Sonesta Beach Resort.
But within hours of arriving at the five-star resort they became violently ill.
Mr Houlder has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), a digestive complaint which he admits can leave him in crippling pain.
Vicki, 22, claims she too has been plagued by sickness including kidney infection.
Tony Blair made a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats.
But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend.
A clearly uncomfortable Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
Four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino turned on one another around 10pm.
There were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Italian and German clubs performing significantly better this season.
If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England.
The Premier League could end next season out of Europe's elite.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday.
Passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet.
It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels.
Party said it was in a bid to 'catch them young'
Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy.
Alec Stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the role.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss have also been linked to the job.
Stewart played 133 Tests and 170 ODIs for England.
Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his Test wickets record.
The Lancashire seamer took four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday.
Anderson picked up one wicket on day three, but is still one shy of Botham's record of 383 dismissals.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Suge Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January, leaving him with broken ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder.
Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt.
Ivan Novoseltsev popped the question after FC Rostov's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night.
The 23-year-old got down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium to ask Katerina Keyru to marry him.
With his team-mates watching on, the Russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment.
Police alleged the 31-year-old mother used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page.
Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life.
She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
Morrissey has written a public letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop their use of angora wool.
The Australian retail giant, who own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays, have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur.
PETA Australia has successfully got other retailers, including David Jones, Myer, Sportsgirl, General Pants Co, and Jeanswest, to stop selling angora wool after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at Chinese angora farms.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters financial data of 15,000 people.
The second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients.
Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims they had breached the rules on the sale of private data.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements.
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten.
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were slightly higher after fast food.
The research was published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism.
Joe Root becomes second fastest Englishman to reach 2,000 Test runs.
Alastair Cook was 401 days quicker to reach the milestone at 24 years, 115 days.
Stuart Broad was dismissed after yet another failure with the bat.
Andres Iniesta played a key role in Barcelona's 2-0 win over PSG.
The Barcelona No 8 set up Neymar for the opening goal at the Camp Nou.
Iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form this season.
Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol in the Copa del Rey on Saturday.
Chris Maguire scored a late penalty as Sheffield Wednesday held Bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at Dean Court.
Eddie Howe was left 'heartbroken', but also frustrated, not least because he felt Callum Wilson deserved a penalty in the second half when he appeared to be fouled by Lewis Buxton.
Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana.
It is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts.
The drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength.
Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters.
Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers.
McCall hopes that for the time he is manager of Rangers, McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago.
The couple then dismantled the home, moved it across the city and renovated the home while respecting the original floor plan.
To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, the couple put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room.
Raheem Sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool.
The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal.
Sheffield Wednesday drew 1-1 with Huddersfield in Yorkshire derby.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute.
Ishmael Miller equalised just a minute from time.
Floyd Mayweather meets Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
The highly-anticipated blockbuster saw tickets sell out within 60 seconds.
Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with Gladys Knight.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman appeared to blame scandal on ‘institutional racism’
Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within East London borough of Tower Hamlets.
His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud.
The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast.
A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase.
Police can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital.
One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend, who is trapped inside.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski.
The 73-year-old has knitted a royal blue scarf for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley.
Fiona, 51, fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on Thursday night.
She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage.
Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal.
Vox Populi began accepting registrations using '.sucks' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops.
Customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
Billed as ‘the first snacks with airline tickets’ promotion, the products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
The 42-year-old mother-of-two, who founded lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon.
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 2-1 at the Bernabeu Stadium.
Javier Hernandez scored a late winner for the Spanish side.
Thierry Henry has hit out at the on-loan striker for celebrating.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria on March 31.
The 17-year-old is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 in 2006.
He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
Both families have reported the boys missing to police but British authorities now fear that the pair have managed to cross into Syria from Turkey.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home for the first time.
When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died.
But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.
The family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day Gilmore was born.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son.
But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off.
The grandmother collapsed in her home in December and died a few days later.
Researchers from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all.
The cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.
A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip is a 'wasted' vote.
The celebrity former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates.
But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Miliband and Sturgeon out of power.
She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage adding: 'You can't knock him'
On Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves.
In a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2, the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of I Like The Way You Move.
It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids.
Images were captured by the U.S. Coast Guard during a routine helicopter patrol over Lake Michigan.
They reveal the boat graveyard at the bottom of the lake, before organisms like plankton conceal them once more.
Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms, fire, and fog.
Brian Stow was beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium in 2011.
The father-of-two had been a paramedic for the San Jose Giants.
Two men jumped and punched him until he fell to the ground.
They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic until he was unconscious.
Mr Stow has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season.
Los Angeles Superior Court awarded Mr Stow and his family $18 million.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and Christy Spitzer to stop kissing.
He also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay fare.
But judge disagreed and ordered him to pay $10,000 in fines.
Ben Flower has been handed a six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia.
The 28-year-old was handed the second heaviest suspension in Super League history.
Wigan coach Shaun Wane has urged Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'
Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long enforced pre-season.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week.
Most of them claiming to be linked to extremists currently terrorising Middle East.
Twitter confirmed purge was prompted because they were being used by jihadis to issue threats of violence.
The Venus X mouse has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory.
Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity.
While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out, gamers can get sweaty, and this can make their mouse slippery.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath.
He jumped out of a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago.
Mr Young, a former soldier, thought Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner'
But Mr Hicks objected and continued on for almost a mile.
Young then jumped from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph.
The exact amount of compensation is yet to be decided - but is set to be around 50 per cent of what the family had requested.
More than 31 million people are in work after an increase of more than half a million.
The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition.
At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February, the lowest for almost seven years.
Alexander Meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday.
Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16)
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday.
The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face-off on May 1 in Las Vegas.
Tickets for the mega-bout went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm.
The MGM Resorts Box Office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan Ryan O'Hara tweeting: 'Spoke with @MGMGrand phone line was overwhelmed for #MayweatherPacquiao weigh-tickets, it crashed.. #boxing'
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989.
For 20 years the farmer would sit on the reptile's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger.
Gregory had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years, when Rangers asked for Mr Tabone's help.
Mr Tabone spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature, in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open.
Leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and £85,000 in prize money.
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012.
It was the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years.
For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks – two and a half months less.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was hit from behind by the cyclist in Bermondsey.
Cyclist fled the scene, chased by the social media manager's husband.
She suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead and other injuries.
Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to.
Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online.
Men take four, such is pressure to look their very best on social media.
Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid, 44, shared her first selfie.
Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley among male contenders for #SelfieEsteem.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
The Magpies remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points.
John Carver insists his side have'six cup finals' left to play.
Fishermen have been given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year.
Scottish government figures show 205 seals were legally killed in Scottish waters last year.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona.
After a police search that lasted more than an hour, the brothers were pulled from the water and pronounced dead.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday.
He was the ex-husband of Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia Kidman.
Mr Hawley was a father to four children, aged 16, 14, James, 12, and Sybella, 8.
His brother David described him as 'one of the fittest men I've ever met'
Steven Gerrard will miss Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final replay with Blackburn.
Reds legend Robbie Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to focus on Gerrard.
Fowler believes Raheem Sterling should stay at Anfield to develop his game.
The 34-year-old will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Danny Lennon has left his role as Scotland Under 21 coach.
Former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Alloa Athletic.
Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, was charged with DUI manslaughter and DUI while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing Trinity Bachmann.
Her blood alcohol content level was 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair.
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, creates gruesome injuries.
Her gory recreations have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 followers.
The make-up expert uses prosthetics to create convincing injuries such as these severed toes.
Marc Tierney fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
The 29-year-old joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010.
Tierney was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to injury.
Bernard Freundel, 63, was arrested in October for spying on dozens of women who changed in their ritual mikvah bathrooms at the Kesher Israel Congregation synagogue in D.C.
His wife Sharon gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to the scandal which shocked her community at the beginning of the talk.
'As you all know, I've become an expert in PTSD,' she told the room of about 150 people.
Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th.
The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new handset than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day.
She can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
Bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two.
Cristina Elrich, Jeannan Williams and Margot Robbie all make the top 10.
Elrich is Naomi Watts' longtime stylist.
Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month.
Evans faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying.
The 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles.
Liam Plunkett set his sights on the West Indies batting line-up.
The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention in the Caribbean.
Plunkett managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to injury.
The mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up.
It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the rubbish.
PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said it is 'horrific'
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of him and his team-mates completing a 'bin challenge'
Chelsea are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park.
Jose Mourinho said that going 10 years without winning the league - as Arsenal have - was more boring.
Frances Bean Cobain spoke to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck.
The 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the Nirvana frontman committed suicide, which she describes as being 'abandoned in the most awful way possible'
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out.
When we cook at home the majority of us (55%) rely on burgers or mince.
The supermarket's study also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961.
Win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money.
Pair splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying.
But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965.
Around 250 men and women from the Light Dragoons marched through the town of Dereham for the final time today.
They were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers, many waving flags, who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in Norfolk.
The regiment is set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in Catterick, North Yorkshire.
Paige VanZant beat Felice Herrig by unanimous points decision.
The 21-year-old is one of the few athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok.
VanZant has only fought six times as a professional.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off.
Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy a day after the crash.
Landon is now a lecturer in communications at RMIT University in former Saigon, renamed Ho Chi Minh City after the war.
Photographer Arwed Messmer found the remarkable photos in the archives of East Germany's Stasi secret police.
They were used as evidence in the show trials against those caught trying to escape the Communist regime.
Pictures were also thought to have been used to train up border guards so they knew what people might try to do to escape.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home in the classic 1970s TV series.
The great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986.
Comments come after PM promised he would help deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of Serie A leaders.
Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken.
Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona against Valencia.
Paris Saint-Germain moved to the top of Ligue 1 by beating Nice.
Matej Vydra opened the scoring for Watford in the 26th minute.
Adlene Guedioura made it 2-0 shortly after the break.
Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the hosts.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning.
They spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes.
Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters.
The boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash.
Rangers winger David Templeton criticised former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall.
Former Hearts star Templeton claimed McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.
Stuart McCall is busy transforming the club on the pitch after three successive wins in the Championship.
The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life.
But astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France.
He says: 'To have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating Earth would need liquid water'
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders.
On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the cooker when he saw the snake.
He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box.
RSPCA officers came to collect the snake and it has been given a temporary home.
The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Benaud died peacefully in his sleep  surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members.
The veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers.
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since leaving last winter's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness.
Dr Steve Peters has worked extensively with the batsman during the last year, learning from a man who introduced the 'Chimp Paradox'
Peters said there is no magic cure and that Trott had worked hard to counter his problems, which he described as'situational anxiety'
Prime Minister enjoyed lunch with Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota in Dorset.
Had potato salad, cucumber, tomato and a hotdog before settling down.
But he surprised onlookers with his eating style, picking up a knife and fork to chop the hotdog.
The 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the'selfie election'
With less than four weeks to go, politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally - by posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos.
Azerbaijan will host the European Grand Prix next season.
The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record.
Bernie Ecclestone insists F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Brook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds.
Portland Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game.
Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Manny Pacquiao will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
The Filipino boxer wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino.
Kimmel sang an excerpt of the song for the richest fight of all time.
Pacquiao thanked Kimmel on Twitter and in a video.
April Morris of Bennettsville thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013.
But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's heartbreaking rescue on local news.
She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon.
The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia, took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal.
A book of songs used by the U.S. Air Force contains horrifying lyrics about rape, pedophilia and homosexuality.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers.
Former Tech. Sgt. Jennifer Smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in Iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon.
Tsarnaev kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read.
The jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay.
PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the 21-year-old.
Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building.
He was found on third-floor balcony of Michelangelo Hotel near Rockefeller Center.
Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on business trip.
NYPD said they were treating his death as suicide and are not treating it as suspicious.
New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday in Puerto Vallarta with his wife when he saw the alarming sight.
A video of the large croc calmly moving through the marina with the dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than 500,000 times.
Social media users have reacted in horror to the video that was posted on the Bogged Facebook page.
A man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night.
He was overheard to tell security that the music was a 'disgrace', and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community'
The man was escorted from the runway by a security guard.
It is the ninth time the designer has showcased her wares at MBFWA.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day.
But the magma chamber lying beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels, so researchers have been searching for an alternative source for years.
Now, by tracking seismic waves, a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over.
Researchers said the chamber is believed to have been the source of three Yellowstone eruptions 2 million, 1.2 million and 640,000 years ago
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a deal for Florian Thauvin.
The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years, crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes.
He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days, one quicker than the previous record, held by Australian Tom Denniss.
Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide.
The Husky is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections.
He was wearing a collar when he was picked up on Monday in the Banksia Park area, in Adelaide's north-eastern suburbs.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony.
The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife.
Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash, 23, who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS.
The Paris-Roubaix cycle race riders breached a safety barrier.
The last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the train arrived at the Waller crossing.
One rider from the Belgian Lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down.
Kevin Pietersen took a moment to reflect ahead of Surrey team photo.
Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo, but was otherwise in a jovial mood.
The event at the KIA Oval comes before the start of the County Championship season.
Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge.
Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages.
The 31-year-old said he decided to go on the run after losing to an opponent from the Pacific island of Guam within five minutes.
After three months sleeping rough, Mr Keita handed himself in to authorities and was locked up in an immigration detention centre.
While there he made two requests for asylum, both of which were rejected.
Gianluigi Buffon has made his Champions League dream team.
Buffon has played alongside Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram.
The Juventus goalkeeper has also played against Cristiano Ronaldo.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms.
With a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes.
Figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
Details emerged in a report broadcast last night by ITV News.
A poll by YouGov has revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl.
Charlotte, Alice and Alexandra are the leading names, with Charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent.
The popularity of the name Elizabeth is most likely derived from the name of the current queen, Elizabeth II.
While Brits believe the second child of William and Kate should also prioritise having a job, Americans feel that the next priority should be raising money for charity.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
Gittoes said he doesn't consider himself in the same league as previous winners, which include Archbishop Desmond Tutu and academic Noam Chomsky.
Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos.
Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts.
Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers.
At least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, appeared on tonight's episode of Married at First Sight as they returned home from their honeymoon in Puerto Rico.
Jaclyn tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too 'unattractive' for her.
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo.
Hayatou is a FIFA vice president and now an ally of Blatter after failing to unseat him in 2002.
Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year.
In the first four months of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations.
Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays.
Trevor Vale was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video.
His wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan.
The Geelong man is on a mission to never let Australians forget their heritage.
A Royal Night Out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945.
The Queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness'
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names.
But the tattoo quickly became infected and she couldn't walk.
She was rushed to A&E and had emergency surgery to stop infection spreading.
Was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program--her only option since her age barred her from receiving a deceased donor's organ.
Neyens, who's battled kidney disease much of her life, received her kidney after her husband gave his kidney to someone else in need.
On the day of Neyen's transplant, eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants.
Noelle Baynham, 61, from Winchester, Hampshire, collapsed after being locked in the house for days.
Her Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier ate parts of her vital organs.
Pathologist could not determine cause of death because dogs ate her organs.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice.
As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday.
The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years.
But when it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck, the couple turned around to see their
Yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans--most of them of German heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich.
In fact, it was largely founded as a Nazi camp where the children in the German American Bund (AKA American Nazis) could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics.
Today, Yaphank is still a town on Long Island.
Cats and People cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea.
Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview.
All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Carole Middleton and Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will be in charge of nursery.
Pippa, 31, is expected to spend as much time as possible with her sister.
Carole has a central role in Kate's life and was first to meet Prince George.
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters.
To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms'
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina has a tiny staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000.
The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states  for women.
It was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage visited hinge factory in Clacton, Essex.
He met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity, 62, who spoke no English.
Mr Farage is touring the country hoping to show how Britain can cope without Europe.
But the Ukip leader's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion.
George and Amal Clooney submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema.
Yaakov Naumi was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school.
The 32-year-old has revealed the intriguing rituals, ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images.
One of the most striking images in the series is that of a rabbi dancing the'mitzvah tantz' at a wedding.
An alleged online sex offender has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states.
Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16.
In some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
The Queen rode her filly Ring of Truth in the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials.
Despite failing to register a win, the 88-year-old monarch was on cheerful form and chatted happily to jockey Richard Hughes in the parade ring.
Her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner.
Mike Ashley bought a plot of land in Chelsea from John Lewis for £200m.
The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School as part of the project.
Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club.
Andy Goode accused Christian Wade of having 'bad values'
Wade, 23, did not attend the Matt Hampson Foundation fundraiser.
The event was named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop.
Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the event.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women.
They then asked a group of men to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness.
Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made.
Both batsmen with phenomenal Test records have done it against Australia in the past.
The Trott I remember was almost Jacques Kallis-like in how still he was.
Cook has to score runs against the moving ball now if he is going to prolong his Test career.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout at the Turning Stone Resort Casino on Saturday night.
Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near Provodnikov's left eye early in the second.
He continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep the Russian at bay, giving him room to dodge the powerful left hook.
Oscar has failed to complete a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January.
Mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid.
The Brazilian has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of Chelsea’s last 11 fixtures.
Usain Bolt visited a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela on Thursday.
He took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and converted all three on a trip in Brazil.
The Jamaican sprinter is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful.
Schofield is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting.
two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world.
famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264.
Others.
The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on.
whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for.
his crimes, starting next Tuesday, the day after the 2015.
marathon takes place.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them.
Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time.
The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development.
Archway asked a judge to quash Communities Secretary Eric Pickles' decision to confirm the CPO on the grounds that it was 'unlawful and invalid'
The Metal Works was denied permission to appeal but were allowed to directly ask Court of Appeal judges to reconsider the case.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter.
Tesco Finest Apple & Cinnamon Hot Cross Buns cost £1.50 for four and Selfridges £4.99 for four.
Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer.
He stars in a campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, the closest surf school to London.
The reality TV star also co-owns a surf school in Devon.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop.
When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
Leslie Cooper, 36, will be charged over the suspected murder of Abdul Hadi Arwani.
He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Second man, 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder him.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut.
Pilot was alerted to potential loss of cabin pressure on Wednesday morning.
As passengers began to complain of dizzyness, three lost consciousness.
The pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes - before landing in Buffalo, New York.
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days.
She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18'
The Child Marriage Restraint Act, passed in India during British rule in 1929, specified that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed.
Peter Alliss, 84, said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership.
Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
But Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds.
The bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
Titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across border in Ukraine.
It is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived.
Despite freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in Moscow and Kiev.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons.
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout'
The post was accompanied by the caption: 'Even a nasty bug like me can sense it's been a sad week for our great country'
It has been 'liked' almost 700 times, and been shared a further 100 times.
With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck.
Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent, pointing to another hung Parliament on May 7.
One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats – with not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband's Labour.
Gavin Munro grows trees into specially-designed plastic moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints.
Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning.
Their mother Akon Guode sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8.
Mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels'
Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at Wyndham Vale in
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust.
Former SS officer Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted.
Mrs Kor, who embraced Groening in court last week, called for the trial to end.
She faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on Mario Lopez’s Extra programme on Wednesday.
The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Pacquiao and Lopez, star of the sitcom Saved By The Bell, know each other from training in the same gym.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations.
Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year.
North East city followed by City of London where 4.9 per cent reported problems.
Most pest-free place was Southend, Essex, where 0.03 per cent had a problem.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both.
There have even been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit.
In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
In Male Trakany, Slovakia, men in the community celebrated Easter Monday by throwing buckets of water at women.
A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun.
Edward West, 59, pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die'
Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape.
Colleen Harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday after shooting her third husband while he was sleeping in 2013.
Decades before, in 1985, Colleen Harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her.
Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 3-1 in the Champions League first leg on Wednesday night.
Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer gave his side an early 1-0 lead with a penalty.
Porto playmaker Ricardo Quaresma converted the spot-kick with just three minutes on the clock.
Pep Guardiola’s team started badly and got worse but as the second half wore on they failed themselves.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in Las Vegas.
The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts on the website.
There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (£321) and one priced at $24.99 (21)
The cheapest shirt has an 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Pacquio.
Gunfights broke out and.
vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest.
city along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a.
leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area.
Reports on Friday suggested authorities had detained a different leader, Jose Hugo Rodriguez Sanchez, who was arrested last year.
David Curry was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth, Northumberland.
The 49-year-old was told he could not order a drink because of his attire.
Pub chain has apologised but said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013.
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination, a study found.
It could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age.
Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, reduced heart disease risk factors, better memory and thinking, and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend.
The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's Child - they were introduced by their individual names.
It's unlikely that Mathew would allow the women to cut any deals without him.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team, says Saracens flanker.
The 31-year-old underwent pioneering knee surgery in South Africa more than three years ago which a British specialist refused to carry out because he considered it too extreme.
Burger will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final.
Claudia Alende, 21, launched scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho.
Claims she has'revealed who she truly is' by posting racy picture on Good Friday.
Image, one of a series of nude shots she shared over Easter weekend, was accompanied with a prayer which included the words: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, has been charged with prohibited use of computer.
He's accused of fooling a pre-teen girl into sending him inappropriate photos of herself by posing as a young girl on social media.
Authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years.
Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back.
His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972.
He was 30 years old at the time and claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates.
The Manson family planned to rob Hinman, a friend, but killed him after holding him two days because he said he didn't have money.
Robbie Fowler has picked his Legends XI to celebrate his 40th birthday.
Fowler has picked five players who featured during his time at Anfield.
The former Liverpool, Leeds and Manchester City hitman has won 26 caps for England.
Paul Mason tipped the scales at 70st at his heaviest but has lost 46st in five years.
At his heaviest he ate quadruple portions of fish and chips along with two kebabs for lunch followed by a roast dinner, curries or pizza and more chips in the evening.
The 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed after health service bosses said he needed to prove that he could keep the weight off.
Plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla, from Lenox Hill Hospital in New York, offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
Mr Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on.
He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
The claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Culture Secretary Sajid Javid.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park.
The ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff.
It is being built by the billionaire emir of Dubai, one of the world’s richest men.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87.
Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday.
Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year.
This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
A four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown.
The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open.
The Brit met Berdychy at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Murray's fiance Kim Sears was caught shouting expletives at the Czech.
Diego Costa limped off during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City.
The Blues striker pulled up after 10 minutes with a hamstring injury.
Jose Mourinho was happy to have gambled with Costa's fitness.
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001.
He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to Cancun, Mexico, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter.
Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Pep Guardiola blamed the defeat on injuries to his players.
Porto manager Julen Lopetegui says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer.
The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5.
Video shows Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot as she tried to help two women 'afraid of men in a car' in Las Vegas.
The aspiring fashion design student had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse.
The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday.
The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking, stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle.
Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in Sydney in early April 1975.
The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared.
Marian had only been living in Australia for a year after emigrating when she went missing while on the bus to Matravill High School with her friend Tanya Davenport.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone.
Each of the 5.56mm rounds used in the SA-80 assault rifle costs approximately 50p.
A further two million 9mm rounds were fired from handguns.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight.
She was pounced on by the Jack Russell which bit her face.
The toddler had been playing in a tunnel at the Yarrow Valley Country Park.
Mr Knight heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her.
But the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Black Cats have won the last four meetings with the Magpies.
John O'Shea has challenged his team-mates to keep their fate in their own hands.
Francesca Weatherhead, 25, was killed when John McCallum, 27, collided with her vehicle while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit.
The crash at an intersection in Redford, Detroit, flipped Mrs Weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year.
McCallum had been eligible for parole in September 2013 but was held longer because authorities thought he needed to complete a violence prevention program.
But he was released just months later after the Michigan Department of Corrections decided he successfully passed the program.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.
At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them.
The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and an American embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor.
Aaron Hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded.
Earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict.
Following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, Hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas.
Froch pulled out of the fight with a shoulder injury.
Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night.
The Hollywood siren called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week.
Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20st.
She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks.
By the age of 16, she was already a size 20 and felt too embarrassed to go out with her friends so swapped nights out with staying in wearing sweat pants.
After ditching the snacks she has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st.
Juventus have made an early move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala.
The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Arsenal.
Barcelona continue to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the club on Wednesday.
Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels'
It said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml.
PomeGreat ‘Super Juice’ had 12.1g and Old Jamaica Ginger Beer had 15g.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black.
The Chinese world No 3 realised what he had done and laughed along with his first-round opponent Mark Davis.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport.
A video in which a female commuter is groped on The Underground.
Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts, the narrator asks: 'Would you report it?'
The video is part of TfL's Project Guardian initiative, launched two years ago.
Aldi increased its share of premium ale market by a third.
Tesco still has the biggest share of the lucrative market, which has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £490million.
The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent.
Rory McIlroy persuaded some of golf's biggest stars to take part in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at Royal County Down from May 28-31.
US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed confirmed their participation.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in a car outside their Phoenix home on Monday.
Koryor was taken into custody Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse.
Police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep.
Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, stabbed Ian Garrod, 55.
He went back to Mr Garrod's home in Medway for sex in September last year.
When he sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat.
The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim, but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound.
Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent.
Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism.
It has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy.
Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off.
Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan will fight in Maiquetia, Venezuela on Saturday night.
They are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016 summer games.
Barnes is an undefeated 6-0 and Conlan is a two-time Olympic medallist.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course.
Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the 38th minute.
Neville said it was an absolute stonewall penalty for the Magpies.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday.
The 26-year-old was an adored school teacher from Leeton, Sydney.
Her father Robert said it is especially painful that her life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to.
There are reminders of the wedding all over the house, yet instead of a wedding the Scott family must tragically prepare for Stephanie's funeral.
'You walk around the house and there's so many little things she planned for the wedding,' said Mr Scott.
Sunderland host Newcastle at St James' Park on Sunday afternoon.
The Magpies are not in danger of relegation but their season has faded away.
Dick Advocaat has hinted he is working on a six-game rescue plan.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months.
Criminals stole a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV while owners were asleep.
But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested.
They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups.
Money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice.
Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate.
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell.
The 34-year-old is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies.
He is said to be making huge profits from websites selling legal highs.
Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.
Atop Miss Royale as it tore down the home straight, the elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side.
Acting chief steward Greg Rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
Bayern Munich host former club Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side have a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
Real Madrid will have to overcome Bayern if they want to retain the title.
The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration.
Delta 271 flight from Paris to Newark was diverted to Boston on Wednesday.
Passengers complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians.
Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries.
Sir David Nicholson is latest expert to warn that Ed Miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going.
He was branded the 'Man with No Shame' after refusing to resign over Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Pippa Middleton said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies.
Mummy Mitts attach to handle bars of pushchair so you can take your hands out.
Koo-di's spout protector stops baby touching hot bath taps.
Muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for mums for generations.
Billy Vunipola has been called before a Rugby Football Union disciplinary panel after being cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head on Saturday.
The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park.
Vereniki Goneva has also been cited but the player has chosen not to attend.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures.
Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms.
Met Office has a severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts.
Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams said we need to consider the type of food before picking something up off the floor and eating it.
Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure.
The findings, in the Journal of the American Medical Association, are based on a study of about 95,000 young people.
All those in the study had older siblings.
Some of the elder children had autism and some did not.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, is accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid.
Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event she 'behaved inappropriately' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media.
The company is seeking the money back as well as unspecified damages.
George Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around.
Osborne did not consider throwing in the towel, but he knew that he had to break out of his Treasury bunker.
Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent.
They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech.
The visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before the election.
It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered.
They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations.
Ten of these would be deemed ‘not at risk’, two would be ‘threatened’ and two would remain ‘endangered’
The endangered species would be off the West and East coast of Africa, while the threatened species live in water near China and Central America.
Conor McGregor claims he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he was pitted against the best boxer in the world.
McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo in July.
The most famous boxer to make the move to mixed martial arts is former world champion James Toney.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored in Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Atletico Madrid.
The Portuguese star's free-kick struck a young supporter in the front row.
Ronaldo was ordered to continue preparing for the Champions League quarter-final.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people.
McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government.
An estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season.
Chelsea want at least £10million for the Czech Republic international.
But Carlo Cudicini believes the 32-year-old would be a good fit at Arsenal.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format.
Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation.
Deng, who was born in South Sudan, will lead out Team Africa.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old.
The victim's identity has not been released.
Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument.
Figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers' money paid to dentists for NHS work.
Some dentists earn from multiple NHS contracts, as well as private patients.
Campaigners said the payments were'scandalous' and 'unacceptable'
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of England cricket.
The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ECB at Thursday’s management board meeting.
Vaughan spoke with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison for an hour and has worked closely in the past with chairman-elect Colin Graves.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie collection.
Billed as 'perfect for every blushing bride', it comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude, and is not without a raunchy streak.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England.
The 23-year-old is on loan at West Ham from Arsenal until the end of the season.
Jenkinson was in the same predicament in 2012 when he had to choose between Finland and England.
The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability.
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700.
Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly'
The concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support.
The picture has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a ‘soap opera’ and accused ‘people with their agendas’ of working against him before he left the club in February citing knee problems.
Redknapp said he felt he would have kept Rangers in the Premier League next season if he were still in charge in west London.
Manchester United's Under 21 side drew 1-1 with Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
Robin van Persie, Jonny Evans and Rafael were all in the side that lost 5-3 to Leicester in September.
Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute with a rib injury.
Sean Goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute before scoring past Adam Smith.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent.
He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012.
His attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues led to them being sacked and charged with fraud.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud - the largest in financial history.
A new book claims he had put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli.
Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend.
The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong.
The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer's command before getting into position.
Looking up at Eric in excitement, the dog waits for him to say 'one' and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes'
Brown was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken in 1989.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March.
Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US.
By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
For iOS only, Pandora is top, Apple's Garageband is second and Spotify is third.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Wisconsin defeated Kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the NCAA Tournament.
The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State.
Kentucky finished the season at 38-1 - two wins short of becoming the first undefeated team in college basketball since the 1975-76 Indiana Hoosiers.
Mike Hand has been left wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour.
The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery.
But after he and his wife tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs, they were told they weren't eligible.
They were told that because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today.
Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One.
There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet on May 2 at the MGM Grand Arena.
Kenny Bayless will referee the match, billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history.
The 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world.
Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights, including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
The 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with Liverpool and Everton.
Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest.
Amanda Richards, a New York-based writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny, is blaming plus-size retailer Lane Bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war.
She has published candid photos of herself wearing the brand's lingerie to illustrate the problem.
Lane Bryant insists its I'm No Angel campaign is diverse and represents 'the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself'
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety.
Despite the owl's more aggressive reputation, it came out the victor.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay.
He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but had all of his personal identification stolen.
A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
After the amazing discovery, he said: 'I just managed on my own'
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke on Sunday to find a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone.
Was preparing to leave home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida.
After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
Garcia allegedly continued to reverse the car for 200ft, before driving onwards some 200ft with her son on the hood before stopping.
As she stopped the car, the teenager fell off and injured his hip, right knee and foot.
Salford City won the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points.
Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town.
The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
Derby County can seal a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield.
Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Sheffield United and Chesterfield can both make sure of play-offs places with wins over Bradford and Oldham respectively, as long as Rochdale lose away to Gillingham.
Judy Murray, 55, broke with tradition on Saturday by wearing same colour as Jenny Packham gown worn by bride, Kim Sears.
She wore a nude pencil skirt and lace top as well as a hat by Scottish milliner William Chambers.
England withdrew from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s.
Home nations were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke.
The FA say they have kept the tournament organisers in the loop and only revised their plans after Sky Sports cut their title sponsorship - which the TV station dispute - and wanted changes to the format.
Champion jockey and Arsenal fan Tony McCoy will be honoured at the Emirates Stadium when his schedule next allows him to watch the Gunners.
Pasco County Sheriff's Office has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog while responding to call.
The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs.
Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other which ran off.
Kempink then called his station but the owner, who was becoming more and more upset, shouts for him to put her pet out of its misery.
Sheriff Chris Nocco has
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters at some point to complete the career grand slam.
The world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of his career.
McIlroy is hoping to emulate the likes of Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods.
Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington.
Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off.
Authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured.
East Lancashire Railway’s award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight.
Wander on the Isle of Wight to discover the Isle's beauty spots.
Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Roy Keane described Luiz as looking 'lost' following his woeful first-half performance.
The former Chelsea man said Luiz 'doesn't look like he knows what he's doing'
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Frank Abagnale was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can.
In the film he posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot.
But he has since changed his ways and spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud detection and prevention.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night.
'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association told NJ.com.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex in Colorado was built for NORAD to direct the American response to a nuclear war with the USSR during the Cold War.
At its height, NORAD watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations.
It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside, but this week the Pentagon announced that it will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the US military.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s.
The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo.
Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when eggs symbolised new life and hope.
Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident.
She was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles.
Giles has yet to meet her baby in person because doctors do not want him entering the rehab facility.
Zbigniew Huminski was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering Chloe.
38-year-old was on his way to England from Calais when he struck on Wednesday.
Accused of raping a minor, kidnapping and murder but failed to state motive.
His lawyer said Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was charged.
Thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday.
Light general aviation aircraft approached the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce, Florida.
Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation.
He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac.
Suddenly the pilot re-engages the engines and rather unceremoniously takes off back into the air.
The 50-year-old Food Network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby.
On Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsene Wenger's side.
Sam Vokes, Hector Bellerin and Kieran Trippier all impressed.
Click here for more Arsenal news.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife.
His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'" and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police.
McCarroll's mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword.
Survey of 1,000 people by YouNeedaBudget.com found 64 per cent overspend.
Main reasons were'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy'
Manchester City want more English players in their starting line-up.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets.
City also maintain an interest in Liverpool's unsettled Raheem Sterling.
Schalke full back Christian Fuchs is out of contract this summer.
Swansea have expressed an interest in signing the Austria international.
Fuchs was outstanding in Schalke's 4-3 Champions League win over Real Madrid.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands.
Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight German commander.
Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The outfit was made by the Viennese tailor, Tiller, who was known to have made uniforms for the Nazis during the war.
It is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds.
Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him, but favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester.
The pair had bought the drugs from an anonymous dealer on the internet.
Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be writing to Theresa May over the deaths.
He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening.
Ukrainian Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide.
At least six former Ukrainian government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months.
Daniel O'Reilly filmed his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a Snapchat video filmed at Doha airport and posted on his Facebook page.
In character as Dapper Laughs he chatted up air hostesses and mocked airport cleaners.
The British star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape'
O'Reilly resurrected his ‘ultimate lad’ character on Christmas day with the ominous message that his work 'isn't finished' yet.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman.
Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey.
Former England batsman has been linked with a return to the national side.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May.
Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week.
There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrell’s IBF world title fight against James DeGale.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled Liverpool's new home strip on Friday afternoon.
The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer.
John O'Connor, former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, said the fire and the raid could be linked.
He said the power outage and proximity of the burglary was 'too much of a coincidence'
He added that to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime, the gang must have had some inside help.
Kansai International Airport opened its doors in 1994 and has never lost a piece of luggage.
Staff places suitcases on carousels with handles facing outwards, making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses.
He is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'
Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants.
Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season.
It is unclear whether he'll stay at Upton Park beyond the summer.
Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about a new contract.
Domanik Green, 14, has been charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access' which is a 3rd Degree Felony.
The Pasco County Sheriff's office have claimed he illicitly made his way into the encrypted system, had access to personal files and could have altered his classmates' grades.
But the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29.
Khan has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments.
Algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight champion.
Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14.
The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits.
National Union of Teachers says Prevent is'shut down debate' in schools.
Teachers fear they will be pressured to report youngsters who share opinions.
Claim young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects.
Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a woman following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday.
The man and woman were arrested and taken to Katherine Watch House.
During the extensive search, police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
They will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, discovered the note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland, Ohio.
The note read: 'When you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. You were not raised as you should have been'
Her mother Corinna took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s.
At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away.
The four-bedroom home is divided into two levels and exposed beams run throughout the building.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7.
She shared a photo of the ring on Facebook in the hope of reuniting it with its owner.
The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter.
Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant.
Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin.
Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges'
The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him.
Snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with Marouane Fellaini.
Fellaini has been in brilliant form for United in recent weeks.
The 27-year-old has scored in their last two European Championship qualifiers.
Jordan Ibe has been out of action for six weeks with knee ligament damage.
The 19-year-old impressed in the Merseyside derby in February.
Brendan Rodgers will include Ibe in his squad to face Newcastle on Monday.
Mario Balotelli has been sidelined with a knee problem and illness.
Baltimore Orioles beat Boston Red Sox in ten innings at Camden Yards on Saturday night.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts issued an order for protesters to disperse.
Violence continued into the evening, with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows.
At least two people have been injured and twelve protesters were arrested, according to police.
Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff.
Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim that the Conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'
The bodies of four people, including two young boys under ten, were found in Tulsa, Oklahoma on Wednesday afternoon.
Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect.
Neighbors said they were surprised by what happened and said the area is safe.
Paris Saint-Germain face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world.
The PSG defender believes the first leg at home will be pivotal for his side.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters.
The images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System (MDIS)
Messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT)
Hibernian would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under SPFL rules.
The Easter Road club stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell.
Private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends.
The only way to be 100 per cent sure that you don't have a digital footprint is not to have any digital photos taken but this isn't a road the vast majority of people want to go down.
Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web.
Andros Townsend scored in England's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday.
The Tottenham Hotspur winger said Paul Merson was 'nowhere near the squad'
Townsend said he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation.
Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness.
She became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting.
Former Olympic gymnast, Louis Smith, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram.
The Strictly Come Dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
Bath were beaten 18-15 by Leinster at Dublin's Aviva Stadium.
Six Ian Madigan penalties gave the visitors the victory.
Anthony Watson believes the pain of Bath's European Champions Cup exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season's Premiership play-offs.
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum.
It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie.
They are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now.
Nigel Farage has vowed to stand down as Ukip leader if he fails to win seat.
Private poll put Conservatives on course to retain Thanet South seat by small margin.
But MEP Diane James insists party is 'not at all' a one-man band.
Hayley Grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found Baby Peter's body.
She was accused by locals of being his mother 27 years later.
Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's family.
The boy's body was exhumed by officers as part of a case review.
DNA from his leg bone was then put through the national police database.
Danny Ings' Real Sociedad contract at Burnley expires in the summer.
Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest.
Ings has interest from Borussia Monchengladbach among others.
Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives.
The fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
It is just yards from where underground cable fire ripped through Holborn on April 1 costing local firms £40million.
The eagle gatecrashed a football team’s training session and enjoyed a solo kick-about.
After standing and shaking its head, the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
Excited by the movement, the eagle runs after it and rolls it to the right before jumping up on it with both feet.
As the ball rolls away the members of the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester.
Spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of window and shouted 'watch this'
He sped down road and overtook cars'recklessly' before crashing into cyclist.
Alan Knight, 64, died instantly from his injuries at the scene in September last year.
Hamilton admitted causing death by dangerous driving and driving without insurance.
Judge Graham Cottle said Hamilton 'could not have cared less' about others.
Albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jon Jones on Monday.
They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash.
Police found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones' name, according to the police report.
Jones handed himself in later the same day, with TMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center.
A reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards in Cornwall will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents.
Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Leicester have won back-to-back Premier League games this season.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in the chase for survival.
Sean Dyche's Burnley are unbeaten in four at Goodison Park.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez believes Dyche will help Burnley survive.
A young English cricket fan wrote a letter to Richie Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin.
He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'
Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
Vonda Thedford, 55, said she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground.
When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored for Borussia Dortmund.
The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe.
Dortmund had lost their two previous Bundesliga matches against Borrusia Monchengladbach and Bayern Munich.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday.
During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.
James hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court.
Before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
A 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday on charges including torture and grievous bodily harm.
The victim, 29, went to hospital on Saturday with fractures, head injuries and burns to 15 per cent of his body.
After observing his injuries at the hospital, police started their own investigation despite the victim claiming to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Barcelona face Bayern Munich in the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Real Madrid and Juventus will meet in the last four of the competition.
We asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season's competition.
Labour shadow minister Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derby.
He was filmed asking year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election.
Ukip spokesman claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda'
But mother of the 10-year-old said: 'I can see the funny side, but it is embarrassing'
The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Blood covered the boat which was anchored off the Jupiter Inlet, a hot spot for fishing.
Youngster, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it'
She tries anything from Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had cancer.
Smith revealed on Twitter last October that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy.
She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people.
She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him'
The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Vincent Lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'Projections' in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood yesterday.
The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue and its passing resemblance to the motel in the Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece 'Psycho'
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment.
Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
The poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains.
Jia Jiang decided to embark on his own rejection-proofing quest.
Instead of avoiding rejection, he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected.
The crucial point is that rejection is unavoidable and it’s how we respond to it.
Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo from facing death row.
Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft'
While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car.
Her hairdresser noticed she had minor burns on her scalp.
Later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred.
A few days later, she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist Mohit Gupta.
Mr Gupta discovered a hole in the patient's macula, a part of the retina responsible for around 90 per cent of a person's vision.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, was arrested with Wesley E. Brown III in North Bend, Oregon.
He escaped from Lake Region Correctional Center, also known as Devils Lake, in March.
Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Couple managed to get 1,700 miles from the North Dakota jail before being captured in Oregon.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year.
Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'
Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper and pal Craig Porter were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella.
Royston Coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man.
He boasted about watching TV from prison and showed off his muscles.
Also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons.
It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video shared online.
Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership.
They kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens.
Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work.
He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract.
The 21-year-old spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term.
Swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell, featuring in the European Champions Cup, Aviva Premiership and Premiership.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a University of South Carolina student who performs Taylor Swift's greatest hits.
The Charleston, South Carolina native can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike.
'I started to hear the rumor, "Taylor Swift goes to our school", and moms would hire me out for birthday parties,' she said.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in Bangkok.
The Melbourne hairdresser has over 190,000 Instagram followers.
She has been posting progress selfies on social media.
'I'm feeling so much better now, just excited to see the outcome!' she said.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee made emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility in Alabama.
Was told only available appointment was in 20 minutes, meaning she had no time to find babysitter.
Instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring infant son Attley.
Pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment, Attley started to fuss.
Barry Beavis, 48, launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable.
But in landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'
Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing the judges of being 'out of touch'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The British driver used to date ex-Pussy Cat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.
But a leading group has condemned his behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate'
They said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Others called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK', while another said his behaviour showed he was an 'ignorant clown'
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, 18.
Carter's defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for Carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin.
However the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that the DA has excused himself from any involvement in the case.
Police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death in the parking lot of a
Hiroshi Ueda invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for Minolta.
He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe.
The contraption lets selfie addicts take photos of themselves using their iPad, ensuring they can capture the best possible duck pout or cheesy grin in their shots.
Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill earlier this month.
They were placed in medically-induced comas after taking 'bad batch' of Spice.
Synthetic marijuana is mix of herbs sprayed with chemical to produce similar sensation to marijuana.
Siblings were hospitalized on April 6 after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking.
But they rallied against terrifying effects and returned home on April 13.
Now, their mother, Karen, has appealed to others not to smoke the drug.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry.
During her time undercover, she met with an agent who claimed over dinner that she could get her a Caucasian baby in two to three months.
The agent then tried to convince Gianna and her team to buy the baby that they had brought to the restaurant with them.
In the US, surrogacy can cost hopeful parents upwards of $100,000, and Gianna explained that the reoccurring theme when speaking with American agents and experts about couples hiring surrogates from other countries was money.
Kyle Iveson burst into Thorougoods in Clitheroe, Lancashire.
The 24-year-old demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, 54.
She instantly recognised him and reported him to the police.
Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court.
Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool.
Gunners boss was concerned over Theo Walcott's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin.
Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test in conditions that suited them.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack.
Leg-spinner Adil Rashid could offer what is needed but by all accounts he hasn’t been bowling well enough to warrant selection.
Mark Wood seems to have that different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches on which England struggle.
A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved.
But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing.
Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram – as cooks, porters and look-outs.
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield.
At best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district.
Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences at court.
They included a lack of cleaning, having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food.
He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs.
Aidan Turner's Poldark co-star Heida Reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist.
The Icelandic actress, 27, said Turner was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female.
Turner is reportedly engaged to his girlfriend of four years, actress Sarah Greene.
Catholic Church figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year.
From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh.
Prime Minister insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up'
Comes as senior Tory Michael Gove claims Christians are being dismissed.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess.
24-year-old was member of gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of drugs.
Officers seized £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided gang's'stash house' in Brent, north west London.
Beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years at Blackfriars Crown Court, London, on Wednesday.
Rafa Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham.
The Spaniard won the Champions League with the Reds in 2005.
Benitez is unlikely to be sworn in at any of Liverpool's top-four rivals.
David Totton, 36, admitted ramming his car into doors of Club Liv in Manchester.
Totton, who survived a gangland assassination attempt in 2006, tried to claim the attack was a joke.
But a judge at Manchester Crown Court refused to accept his claim.
Instead, he was handed a suspended prison sentence and banned from driving.
Actresses Liz Hurley, 49, Jacqueline Bissett, 70, and model David Gandy, 35, and soap star Dean Gaffney, 37, look alike.
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like Walford's Martin Fowler.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him.
Order was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested.
WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by Russians.
Order is one of the only copies of Doenitz's dispatch known to exist today.
It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams.
Alastair Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU.
Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh.
A 26-year-old man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes.
Shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
Mr Blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near Right Point on the south-western side of Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback.
Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
He used data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars.
The results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellates will become almost unrecognisable in the future and some may need to be renamed entirely.
Some hospitals are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye.
It raises suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money.
NHS recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for obese adults.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco.
Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy.
The accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks.
The bone was discovered on 18 July 1995 in the National Museum in Ljubljana.
It is believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in Europe.
Researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at Krapina in Croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet.
Dr Diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of
FC United of Manchester's Broadhurst Park is nearing completion.
The new 5,000-capacity stadium cost the democratic club £6.5m.
Broadhurst is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of Old Trafford.
Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph.
It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the alleged assault.
The Tottenham winger, who is on loan to Everton, was interviewed by police.
He is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends.
Later in the evening, waitress claimed to have been attacked in VIP section.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all.
The Olympic gold medalist confirmed on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female.
Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City.
This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5.
Dr. Brandt was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 sold out within a minute of going on sale.
Just minutes after 8pm UK time, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market.
One ticket for the mega-fight was advertised for $70,790 (£47,000) on StubHub.
Tickets for the weigh-in go on sale on Friday at 3pm from the MGM Resorts Box Office at a cost of $10 (£6.50) per head.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone at his heaviest.
He would avoid sitting in chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up.
His wife Debbie, also 56, weighed 18 stone at the same time.
The pair have lost a combined weight of 29st since 2012.
The video was uploaded to Reddit by the user named toper-centage.
The man holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another.
He then selects an afro hairstyle and then stacks a third cup, which has outfits drawn on it.
After rotating through the various accessories picks a pair of glasses.
US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’
While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
Lianne Hindle died three hours after giving birth to her longed-for baby girl.
Mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at scandal-hit North Manchester General Hospital in December.
Death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body.
Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning.
The European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help.
It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens.
Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit.
Alice Dreger took to Twitter to express her horror at what she heard at East Lansing High School, in Michigan, earlier this week.
The respected professor began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
Ms Dreger also complained of the incorrect information being handed to the students, who are freshmen in high school, by the teacher, who did not normally work at the school.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday.
Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20.
Pelle joined from Feyenoord for a reported £9million.
Radamel Falcao has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season.
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcio Garcia'
Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his time at Porto.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender.
When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today'
But she still faces charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket.
She stayed at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort, with its own infinity pool.
Villa co-ordinator Pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort.
After grabbing a tuk-tuk from outside the hotel, she arrived at Patong Beach itself.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham.
Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit.
A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital.
Tony McCoy rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle.
McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Arctic Fire, ridden by Ruby Walsh, took a tumble at the final flight.
Huw Thomas suggested flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'
He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E.
A fox cub trapped in a garden fence was set free by a wildlife expert named Simon Cowell.
The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelling to the cub’s location in his car.
He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free.
Juan Mata is performing at the peak of his powers in the Premier League.
The Manchester United midfielder was substituted by Jose Mourinho at Southampton last year.
Mata is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
Louis van Gaal is finally getting the best out of Juan Mata.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital and forced to leave her home.
The 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house.
But she allowed charity Age UK to clear it out of her home in Battle, Sussex.
Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary.
After returning to find the house empty, the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans.
New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral kimonos.
The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter.
It brought the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million.
The product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up.
Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around.
Most people say it is simply too inconvenient to return the item.
Former NSA chief General Keith Alexander has warned that the U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target.
Alexander was speaking at a private dinner held by IHS CERAWeek in Texas last week.
He envisioned a worst case scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics.
The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013.
She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer.
Her return to action sets up the prospect of a showdown against Katarina Johnson-Thompson.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer, died early on Friday after the accident near Cleveland, Wisconsin.
His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, giving birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection.
Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive'
AP McCoy rode Box Office to victory on the aptly named Box Office.
The 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the Champion Jockey Trophy.
McCoy rode Mr Mole into third place in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
Two Brazil nuts provide 100% of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms.
Selenium is needed for the production of antibodies, important for a healthy immune system.
Almonds are high in fibre, too. Eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon.
But at a track meet Saturday in Eugene, Oregon, a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate.
Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go.
Kim Sei-young leads by three shots going into final round of ANA Inspiration.
South Korean birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress.
The 22-year-old won the Pure Silk-Bahamas Classic in February.
Jordon Ibe posted a video of him performing the dance on Instagram.
The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury.
Liverpool face Newcastle in their next Premier League game.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the off-season program, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized, reports say.
Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a private family funeral on Wednesday.
The 84-year-old former Test captain was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne.
His wife had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
Following the funeral service, a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie's former cricket commentating colleagues.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at the airport.
The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging.
Greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport.
The initial police report said the animal was a small seal.
Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season secured victory for the Toffees.
James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in February.
The cause of the collision remains unknown and investigators believe it was an accident that Brody drove on to the tracks.
Brody got ahead of the crossing gate in inching traffic, then got out of her car to examine it after the gate came down and hit the back of it, a witness has said.
Juan Bernat joined Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final.
He is the latest in a string of young Spaniards to be handed over.
Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday.
It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since.
Police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for the 11-year-old continues.
Sagan Tosu defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on Mu Kanazaki's face.
The 23-year-old is believed to have deliberately committed the foul.
Hyeok was only shown a yellow card for the challenge that infuriated fans.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Manchester United to the Champions League.
The Dutchman's aim is to restore them to the Premier League top four.
Manchester United are currently third, eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane.
Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
John Noble, 53, said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the M Resort's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013.
In the detailed package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse', wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino.
Danny Alexander pictured knocking back drinks with Brooke Magnanti.
The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the Nip festival.
Mr Alexander was snapped with Ms Magnati - also known as Belle de Jour.
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11.
McGregor has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart tattooed on his chest.
The 26-year-old has also revealed a tiger's face tattooed onto his stomach.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will make their final Open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship's 155-year history at St Andrews in July.
Faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course.
Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
The four-hole Champion Golfers' Challenge will be played on the first, second, 17th and 18th.
Andrew Hichens, 28, will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad.
Mother-of-two is believed to have been filmed leading al-Khanssaa Brigade.
Video appears to show her leading fighters in a hate-filled chanting session.
Experts say it is the first'real evidence' that Jones is involved with brigade.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people.
Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday.
For more than 2,000 years, invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefalonia.
The present settlers - the Greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism.
Instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins.
The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push.
McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar'
Ms Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003.
BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by billionaire Bernard Arnault.
Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March.
The red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players.
Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment.
A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
Two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin Airport.
Passengers escaped injury but the incident caused disruption for hundreds.
Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution.
Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool.
Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal.
Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club.
Jenson Button failed to complete the qualifying session for the Bahrain Grand Prix.
The McLaren driver was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle.
Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents' fees being paid to the nursery.
She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back.
Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”
It was not clear whether this was Crossland or her mother Susan Crossland.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Freddie Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death.
Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
But commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation.
Batts addressed a news conference in Baltimore on Friday amid growing calls for him to step down.
Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world.
From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title.
Former defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay for a long time.
Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Rep Darrell Issa asked Secretary of State Clinton in December 2012.
But she didn't answer until more than a month after she stepped down.
Leaked letter casts further shadow over Clinton just days into 2016 campaign.
Luke Shambrook went missing from a campsite in Victoria on Friday.
The 11-year-old has not been seen since leaving Candlebark Campground at 9.30am.
He has a'very high pain tolerance', a factor that would work in his favour given he has been missing for days.
A large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams.
Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week.
Woods shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday.
Mickelson is one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam going into the third round.
Unseen documents were compiled by Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of the Enola Gay bomber which dropped the bomb.
He wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill?'
Also for sale is Lewis's unofficial eye-witness account of the Hiroshima mission, which alone could sell for £40,000.
Lewis's two log books from the war noting flightplans, duration, type of plane, engines, and horsepower with a column for remarks.
Walter Scott had already been jailed three times for missing payments.
Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday.
But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012.
On Thursday a police dashboard camera video released Thursday shows Scott bolting from his Mercedes after he pulled over.
Scott Stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man.
But he failed to turn up to a previous court hearing and was re-bailed.
The 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4.
His victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold December day.
Jaime Hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'
She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs.
The infuriating story was first posted on Reddit.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced.
He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie.
Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing of Shelby.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields.
The 32-year-old was originally from Bangladesh with a gunshot wound.
Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area immediately after the shooting.
Today there is a heavy police presence on Lake Avenue in the area.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over.
Earlier this week SpaceX released its own dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the Atlantic.
The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Barcelona host PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games this season.
Laurent Blanc has described the Argentine as 'unstoppable'
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach.
The 49-year-old has coached the club for one season in 2009-10.
Labbadia's contract is also valid for the second division should Hamburg be relegated.
Elizabeth Jane Howard amassed a collection of ancient jewellery during her lifetime.
Among them were pieces up to 3,500 years old.
The collection is expected to fetch up to £20,000 at Bonhams auction house.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited.
Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans.
And if the phone gets too cold, the case engages its Anti-Freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using the resistance coils.
Optimal will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, Nexus, HTC & Xperia phones on April 9.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down Harry Chapman.
Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty.
Alex Iwobi then equalised for Arsenal, netting his sixth goal in his last four games.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting Sophie Cahill, 31, in February.
The former Another Level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault.
He answered his police bail last Thursday and will appear before magistrates.
Bowers and Ms Cahill got engaged in December 2013.
Swansea travel to Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Garry Monk's side are currently in eighth place in the table.
Monk's side have not picked up a point after an international break this term.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning.
She managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely.
Dixon has since started a GoFundMe page which on Sunday had raised $4,619 in donations.
Don the border collie piloted a tractor across the M74 in South Lanarkshire.
The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road.
Despite considerable damage, Don escaped unhurt – but scores of motorists wondered if they were imagining things.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license.
In a pro-gun letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'
He wrote that police were supportive of ‘doing what is necessary to adequately protect our families and our homes’
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70)
Any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers.
Manchester City defeated United 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney said United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield.
Rooney said Man City players are not the best at tracking back, defending and tracking runners.
Ashley Young said United fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
Amelia Morton, 23, was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls'
Trainee teacher put on more than three stone in first few months of university.
Spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone.
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester.
He faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court.
The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system.
It comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date.
Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, wants same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China.
Sociology professor Mario Gaviria, the force behind the application, argues that Benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all.
Ellie Laing hit back at claims she was hired for her looks over her brains in an open letter to several news outlets.
The SBS News and Current Affairs Director Jim Carroll was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast.
The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims.
Stephen A. Smith is under fire for claiming Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history.
The ESPN anchor said that he understood why Cari Champion disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
He also questioned the 'good vs. evil' approach Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach is taking prior to the boxer's upcoming fight against Mayweather.
Boytoy, 25, of Dominican woman in her late 30s, invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn.
The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in lingerie campaign.
The girls are promoting the brand's Dream Angels range.
Each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella, which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup.
Phillips was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament as seniors doctor Alan Bass had run out of holiday and could not join up with the squad for their preparation camp in Lilleshall.
Adam Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20.
If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term.
Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnson’s future.
Johnson was suspended by the club after his arrest on March 2.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket.
Her friend who gave it to her, however, has since died.
So she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.
Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population, while immigrants from Ethiopia, Nigeria and Ghana make up about 15 per cent.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004.
In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: ‘We “dated” fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out’
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall.
Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you for this'
Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job.
Nathan Allan de Souza has joined Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense.
The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football.
Chelsea are set to announce the signing of the Brazilian midfielder on Wednesday.
Nathan will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar.
Stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe.
His ex-girlfriend Sophie was outraged to discover she also had the STD.
Stuart burst onto the Jeremy Kyle Show to deny he had ever used the excuse.
Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980.
In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road.
For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen.
At the same time, detectives from the same Parish never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated in woods.
DNA confirmed that the body in Louisiana matched missing Carol's DNA.
New attention to the case has brought
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children.
Many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius.
Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh.
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS.
This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year.
Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'
Chris Ramsey believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road.
QPR manager has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February.
West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open.
The British No1 is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
Djokovic has won his past nine finals at these Masters-level events.
Murray allowed himself to get befuddled by the world No1’s histrionics in the Australian Open final.
Survation survey of 1,001 British Muslims found that one in four had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as ISIS.
Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John.
One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons.
Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances.
The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove.
The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people being told to evacuate.
By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles.
Sarah Wilson has opened up about her own personal battle with mental illness.
The 41-year-old wrote the best-selling book I Quit Sugar.
She said her anxiety brought her to a point where she 'couldn't quite see the existential point of continuing'
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning.
Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
If the student had been a juvenile, the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug.
The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October and was remanded on bail to appear in court on April 13, but failed to show.
Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog.
Driscoll will have to report to police once a week and live at an apartment at Enoggera, south-west of Brisbane
Adam Leheup, 34, 'insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting: 'No, no'
Leheup met the woman on July 9, 2013 after arranging to meet on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app.
They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station before crossing the bridge over to the Embankment where they went to Gordon's Wine Bar.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead were all but extinguished.
Olivier Giroud, Danny Welbeck, Jack Wilshere and Kieran Gibbs did not make the first team.
Walcott believes Arsenal have been the 'best team in Europe' this season.
Incumbent Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia.
Emanuel, a former White House chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat Cook County Commissioner Garcia.
Lord Greville Janner accused of molesting young boys in 1970s and 1980s.
Labour peer could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia.
Family of 86-year-old has been told he will not face child abuse charges.
But he could still face civil action from complainants from his alleged victims.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season.
Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers boss.
The 36-year-old insists West Ham have a 'fantastic' manager in place.
Swansea travel to bottom-placed Leicester on Saturday.
Jessica Silva stabbed James Polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back in 2012.
The ice-addicted ex-partner was at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day.
Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming'
The pair embraced and held each other for a few moments before composing themselves.
She was sentenced to two years in jail, after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off anti-psychotic drug risperidone.
Four days after giving birth, she walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital.
The next day, police found her body two miles away on cliff face.
Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia.
She grabbed Stars and Stripes and refused to return it to student demonstrators.
Video footage shows Manhart struggling with officers, who force her to the ground.
In response, Manhart says flag belongs to 'the entire United States'
The PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high.
Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, claimed the £20 product was worth £20.
But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track her down.
They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough, East Yorkshire.
Mother-of-one, 32, accused of trying to shield the item from CCTV.
Miss Craven said: 'It was a spur of the moment, stupid decision, which I am sorry for'
Ian Ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite advancing years but what is the point of Formula One?
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause.
The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Rudy Gestede has been linked with a move away from Blackburn.
The 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season.
Jodi Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform.
It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James after shooting.
Hussain and James were hunted by police for gunning down Sabrina Moss.
Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested.
Men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends as they took cover.
Miss Moss' friend Sabrina Gachette, then 24, was lucky to survive the attack.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground.
Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten.
Girl's mother has now had to move her daughter to another school.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants handed their sentences as 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life.
The defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a Cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light (Sunday, 4pm)
Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for the Magpies.
Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem.
Midfielder Mehdi Abeid could be involved after recovering from a thigh problem, but winger Rolando Aarons and striker Papiss Cisse continue their respective suspensions.
Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah, 31, would be taking over.
Stewart revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news.
He told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show.
Fourteen soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine.
The investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday.
French president today said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy'
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for long weekend.
More than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption.
Labour accused the Government of failing to learn from Boxing Day chaos.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UK’s largest internet community for parents.
It found that 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them.
But nearly half insisted their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages.
Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy'
Pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience'
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
Hull travel to Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Steve Bruce's side are currently three points off the relegation zone.
The Tigers have lost five of their last eight matches against top teams.
David Meyler is confident his side will stay in the top flight.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her former home in Macon, Georgia.
The 50-year-old's home on North Pine Knoll Drive was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway.
Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates.
Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal
Aaron Hernandez has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd.
On Wednesday, a 12-person jury found Hernandez guilty of murder and sentenced him to life without parole.
Hernandez was taken to the 700-inmate prison in Walpole, Massachusetts, where he used to play for the New England Patriots.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot male home invader Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m.
Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife.
His injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive.
Mr Skinner had been ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to a court hearing next month in the couple's divorce.
Kumar Sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket at the end of the season.
The 37-year-old scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms.
The mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock.
But over the following days, she feared something else was to blame.
A survey of 1,025 Australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance'more important' things in the last week than had men.
Psychologists and wellness experts have long known that we're at our happiest when we're doing the things we love.
Dr Paula Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
Spending time doing things you love with friends has the advantage of the 'accountability' factor, Dr Watkins says.
The 30-year-old reality TV star posted the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests turned to riots in Baltimore.
While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated Robert Bates, 73.
Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground.
Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing.
Raheem Sterling will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future.
The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night.
Sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from Liverpool, confident enough to express his views to the BBC without the knowledge of his club.
Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 at Sandy Park on Saturday.
David Ewers and Thomas Waldrom scored for the home side.
Exeter will now face Gloucester in the European Challenge Cup semi-final.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season.
Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law.
The club defended their position in a lengthy statement about the Olympic Stadium deal.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11.
The couple have taken a more low-key approach when it comes to who to invite.
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester City in the 15th minute.
It was his first Premier League goal in four months, but his failure to maintain the momentum contributed largely to Leicester's decline.
Andy King's late second goal ensured the Foxes move off the bottom of the table for the first time since November.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat.
One man decided to move seats because plane was not at capacity.
However, a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him.
After landing at Muscat, one man was taken away for questioning.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room.
Her body was found days after she suffered the blows at the unit she shared with her father in Petrie, north of Brisbane, on March 30, 2013.
Matthew Lee Williamson and Christopher Arthur Neville Kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday.
Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to England in the autumn.
Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
US President Barack Obama visited Jamaica and posed with Usain Bolt.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982.
Before striking the world-class sprinter's signature pose, Obama praised him saying that 'nobody's ever been faster'
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Mrs Saunders' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage – a barrister’s training contract at 1 Garden Court Chambers in London in 1983.
The Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986.
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria.
He was there to inspect a photo exhibition entitled Herdwick: A Portrait of a Lakeland.
Charles is grandfather to 20-month-old Prince George and has another grandchild on the way.
Horry County Police said the mother turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police.
The hours old baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon.
Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released, police said.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours.
Hackers then took control of the picture feed of the coffee shop's page.
Instead of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked.
Michael Juskin allegedly killed his wife Rosalia, 88, with an axe while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife.
A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Neighbors were visibly upset as they gathered in front of the Juskins' home on Monday morning.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at boot sale.
They spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall in Bude, Cornwall.
As a former collector, Mr Flanaghan recognised the bear as a limited edition Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby - one of the most sought after in the collection.
But the builder was stunned to find out that the bear was one of just 100 made around the world - and that another version is currently listed on eBay for £62,500.
Liris Crosse, 32, grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and idolised Naomi Campbell.
Despite being a healthy size 10 (US 6), Liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape.
She is now size 18 (US 14) and wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams and represent a different body type.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill.
This would allow business owners to decide if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Carnes revealed that it is scary to go into a men's public bathroom as a woman.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years.
Now the controversial British professor claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet.
He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height'
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
Ginnetti had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
She also faces three years' probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool.
Celebrities including Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas, Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe have all visited the venue.
Inside the high-end hotel, there are 123 guest rooms – all of which are individually designed so no two are the same.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America.
It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009.
Uber driver Emerson Decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street.
Cyclist rode up to the vehicle, yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror.
Incident occurred in the busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.
The 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race takes place on Saturday.
The women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later.
It is 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators.
Liverpool and Newcastle players both took part in a minute silence before the game at Anfield on Monday night.
The fixture took place two days before the 26th anniversary of Hillsborough disaster.
Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide.
McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo on May 18, 2013.
The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
SNP threatens to wipe out Labour north of the border.
Ed Miliband refused four times to rule out a power-sharing agreement.
SNP leader used BBC TV debate to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street'
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a member of George III's German Legion.
Was killed by Napoleon’s forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs.
He trained in East Sussex resort of Bexhill-on-Sea.
No complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo.
Judy Murray, 55, has revealed she will be a'very active granny'
The tennis coach helped propel her son and his brother to sporting success.
But she has a couple of caveats – he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first.
Jay Hart, 24, filmed romping with mystery blonde in Clitheroe FC T-shirt.
Striker was dismissed after video of tryst was shared on social media.
Girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
She said: 'I haven't seen the girl since, I don't have a clue who she is'
Mr Hart admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice.
Greg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
This comes almost one year after Hardy was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify.
Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness.
We fell in love with her story as well as with her, which caused us to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community as the fabric of her brave fight against cancer began to unravel.
Philippine army has released new photographs of Chinese construction work in disputed waters in the South China Sea.
Photos show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint.
Philippine President Benigno Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities.
Recent satellite images revealed that China has made rapid progress in building an airstrip suitable for military use on the disputed Fiery Cross Reef.
Ancient Egyptians, Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians were unable to cope.
Droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions happened in quick succession.
Egypt's Old Kingdom collapsed 4,200 years ago because it failed to adapt to climate change.
Scientists examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the Nile to piece together the time.
Georgina Chapman, who is married to Harvey Weinstein, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her.
The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq.
This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
British militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists.
Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain.
The cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes.
Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5% compared with the UK’s 20%.
Sydney Harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world.
Cape Town and Table Mountain can be seen from both sides of the aircraft.
The Bora Bora Island Guide has a page dedicated solely to where you should sit on the plane.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded.
The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals.
President Joko Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion.
Lorenzo Simon and girlfriend Michelle Bird used Michael Spalding for slave labour.
The 34-year-old then stuffed the body into a suitcase and threw it into canal.
Police have now released CCTV footage showing the pair dragging the cases.
Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today.
Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Molly Wood, 74, died after the Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward'
Pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in Pontefract, West Yorkshire.
Emergency services were called but she died at the scene outside Tesco.
Coroner David Hinchliff said Mrs Wood died of multiple injuries.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31.
The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who rescued Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho on Wednesday morning.
He ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle.
Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene.
A photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was kidnapped at knife-point on Tuesday morning.
Her ex-boyfriend Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty.
The 32-year-old was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Sarah Silverman filmed wage-discrimination-activism video at New York Comedy Club.
Claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart Todd Barry to do a gig.
But owner Al Martin later revealed the story was false.
Silverman has since publicly apologized and revealed she fabricated the story.
Terry McCarty was six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him.
The 29-year-old from Hawthorne, Nevada, endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years.
Labour leader accused of stooping to'shameful' new low by blaming PM.
Suggested deaths could have been avoided if he had done more.
Claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Cameron's foreign policy.
Comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels.
Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday.
The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking and preparation tasks.
KFC hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America, was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage.
The total weight of cocaine seized was approximately 2 lbs and the street value is an estimated $30,000.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane.
In the video, her husband is seen removing their carry-on luggage and helping their sons out of their seats while his wife narrates their removal from the flight.
Carlos Tevez's Juventus contract expires at the end of next season.
Juventus are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old.
Tevez has told the club he wants to return to his former club Boca Juniors.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
Pictures taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn and dent marks on an SUV.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week.
She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end.
But her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial.
Cheryl Heineman, 45, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.
The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lindsey allegedly set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr.
Froch was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara at StubHub Center.
The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves.
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate.
As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek.
Tory Craig Mackinlay, a former Ukip deputy leader, is locked in a tight fight with Mr Farage, with Labour's Will Scobie close behind.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday.
Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years.
The 32-year-old also collected his 100th cap for England.
The third day of the trial against suspected Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes continued on Wednesday.
'It was dim, the movie was still playing, the alarm was going off,' Aurora police officer Annette Brook told jurors in the trial of gunman James Holmes.
Prosecutors argue Holmes was sane and fully aware that what he was doing was wrong.
They want the jury to convict him and sentence him to die.
Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car on holiday in Riviera Maya.
She was on her first trip abroad with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23.
Family said she was devoted to the children she taught at Bowburn Infants School.
Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case'
The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court.
Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Raheem Sterling admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
The 20-year-old admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold.
Brendan Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes'
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night.
The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got to the airport, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
Officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside the couple's New York City townhouse on Thursday.
Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her beloved fashion brand Marchesa.
Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell.
One of Chapman's society pals revealed just how angry she is with her husband to the New York Daily News.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova visited six different Pret A Manger shops in London.
On three of the visits, she wore no make-up, her glasses and a casual outfit.
She then returned to High Street Kensington to find out whether she could bag a free coffee in her glam getup - and went into the South Kensington branch twice.
Locals discovered the dead pair in separate metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state, around 30 miles south of New Delhi.
Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk, while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women.
The 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years.
One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio’s studios in Leicester Square.
Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism.
Sertar sits on elevations of 12,500ft, and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling.
Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, and separated by age and sex.
Protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Melbourne yesterday.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne.
Several people had to be treated by paramedics after clashes turned ugly.
The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification.
Halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this year’s first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center.
The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning.
Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas, in 2011.
During the 2011 incident, a felony warrant was issued for Talib for an assault with a deadly weapon charge.
In addition to playing for the Broncos, Talib has also fought with teammates and was suspended for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing substances policy.
Heather Mack, 19, will turn over a'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her four-month-old daughter Stella.
Attorney for Mack has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of Stella.
David Suchet is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases.
His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
Todd is the son of Suchet’s son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
The 26-year-old has opened up his watch collection to the Evening Standard.
His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase, which he bought from a shop on Sloane Street in Chelsea earlier this year.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con.
Vladmir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse looks better than the day he passed.
This is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of his body.
They brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning, creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications.
The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the Champions League.
The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the 0-0 draw with Burnley on Easter Sunday.
Kane has 29 club goals under Mauricio Pochettino this season and is the main reason Tottenham have lasted the pace until now.
Wojciech Szczesny turns 25 on Monday.
The Arsenal goalkeeper celebrated with family and friends at his London home.
He was joined by singer-songwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the FA Cup final.
Specialised 77 Brigade launched with great fanfare in January in response to jihadis' mastery of online propaganda.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ to challenge IS’s ascendency online.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year.
She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride.
Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was jailed for ten years today.
He was found guilty of abusing three young boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School.
Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school.
Both men, who have strongly denied committing abuse, received backing from the school, parents, and the international community.
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia.
It shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas.
Authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’
But it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism - because it was inspired by a foreign terrorist group.
Anthony Martinez was over-joyed when his straight guy pal Jacob Lescenski came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February.
The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the club.
Redknapp said 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs has been released as part of a new book.
In the beautiful new pictures, the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico.
The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over 83-year-old Dorothy's affairs.
The mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care.
When it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid.
Border pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000.
She was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Stuart McCall's side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston.
Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South’s play-off hopes a massive boost.
But McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss and he expects his players to bounce back in Sunday's home meeting with Raith Rovers.
Imran Uddin, 25, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet.
He then connected to a number of university computers and changed his marks.
Uddin was jailed for four months at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk.
The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
Emergency workers spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail.
Former High Court judge Martin Fletcher led inquiry into 1985 Bradford stadium fire.
Official inquiry concluded that the fire was caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish under an old timber stand at the Valley Parade ground.
Sir Oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on BBC Radio Leeds, where he rubbished Mr Fletcher's claims.
Mr Fletcher is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry, which took place three weeks after the fire.
Eden Hazard has powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United.
Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace.
Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley, Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City's late surge against Swansea City.
Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze when his cameraman pointed out something behind him.
As the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze.
Richie Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released.
Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave Glasgow Warriors.
The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season.
Justin Rose will be in the final pairing with Masters leader Jordan Spieth.
Spieth will tee off with Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman at 19.40 (BST)
Rory McIlroy is paired with Tiger Woods in the most high-profile grouping.
Adam Scott will be paired with Englishman Lee Westwood.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found choked to death by her roommate last week.
Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder.
Mann was an outspoken feminist and keen campaigner at the University of Mary Washington.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend.
Playing one of the injured students was Alanni Young who was sprayed with makeup that realistically looked like blood.
Tim Sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put his sense of fashion in the spotlight.
Aston Villa's Carles N'Zogbia turned up for training on Tuesday wearing a flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
Shay Given certainly wasn't a fan of the outfit, made worse by his decision to wear sunglasses in the dressing room.
The Salt card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis.
They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
The credit card-sized gadget is made of durable plastic with a matte finish and is the same height and length as an ordinary credit card.
However, it's three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery, which lasts for 18 months.
Jack Grealish is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads.
Ireland Under 21 international made his first Premier League start on Tuesday.
Grealish says referees have tried telling him to keep his socks low.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2.
Sources within the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office claim that Bates was not properly trained to be an armed deputy, despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest.
A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries.
The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper.
It beat the designs for a 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia.
Government planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request'
It could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain by 2020.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day.
In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays.
Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, according to Jose Anigo.
Former manager Peter Schmeichel believes Ibrahimovic has the 'personality' to become an Old Trafford great in the same vein as Eric Cantona and David Beckham.
Sweden captain Ibrahimovic scored in their 3-1 international friendly win over Iran on Tuesday night.
Hundreds of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall.
Experts believe the jellyfish, which can grow up to six feet, have been attracted by warmer waters and a lack of predators.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four at Ewood Park.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover.
Ellen White scored twice against Arsenal in the Women's Super League.
Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other.
White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations.
In Sofia, a night's stay in a four-star hotel will set you back £63.78, more than four times cheaper than at the costliest destination examined, New York.
Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations.
Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to win the Player of the Year award.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes Hazard is the best player in the Premier League this season.
Mourinho is prepared to risk Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic for the matches against Chelsea's rivals.
Defender Wallace has been arrested on suspicion of an offence in a nightclub.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Atletico won the La Liga title last season and the European Super Cup.
Simeone has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today.
App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House for the annual Easter Egg Roll.
The Danish ace took part in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people.
Event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Paul Gilbert mocked Ed Miliband at a hustings event in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back'
He blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees.
Mr Miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco.
Police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns.
But the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade.
Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in Santa Ana.
Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year.
Manchester City host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family.
Eriksson said they have underperformed given their financial clout.
Richie Benaud, 84, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment.
The cricketer told the Nine Network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but used the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads.
Benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work.
Former Scottish Secretary says talking up SNP threat is'short-term and dangerous'
Sir John will say a Labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum.
Comes after SNP unveiled its manifesto in Edinburgh yesterday.
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America.
It is believed the large shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska.
The commotion started when a birdwatcher identified one of the rare birds on Somerset Levels.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months.
Pietersen's only hope of playing for England again is to score lots of runs for Surrey – wind, rain or shine.
England meet West Indies in Antigua on Monday, and comparisons will be inevitable.
Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad.
Asked questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK.
Siri replies: 'So, now you're swearing obscenities and you're going to eat with these very hands!'
He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of 4,726 people who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online.
This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses.
Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling.
Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual.
Lingerie model and animal rights activist Sarah Stage, 30, is eight months pregnant.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged the Brit to consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari.
Hamilton is 13 points clear of Sebastian Vettel in the drivers' championship.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, 16.
Mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face on February 4 at Morton's home in Jeannette, Pennsylvania.
His defense attorney Patrick Thomassey doesn't deny that Morton killed Mangan.
Thomassey says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when Mangan was shot in the left eye.
During a hearing Wednesday, a police officer testified that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, from Havant, Hampshire, was arrested at Hard Rock Hotel.
He was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the luxury hotel in Orlando.
A security guard told him that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent, shouting and would not cooperate.
Art and photography community BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours'
Angela Kelly, 67, spent years wearing high heel shoes.
Had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement.
The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Rafael Nadal faces Novak Djokovic at Roland Garros in June.
Serbian world number one has won 17 matches on the bounce.
Nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive French Open, and a tenth in total.
Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012.
Real Madrid face Juventus in the other semi-final.
The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Gemma Redhead was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby.
The 33-year-old was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack.
Kirby was jailed for eight years and banned from contacting her for life.
He was released after three years and will now not be released until 2023.
Miss Redhead has waived her right to anonymity to rebuild her life.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott on Wednesday night.
The Stanford family have lived at the property in Leeton for around 13 months.
Neighbours told Daily Mail Australia the family have been renting the property, which is on the market for $179,000, for 'around 13 months'
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents.
During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender.
Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
Prime Minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the Tories at the last election.
He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, adding: ‘If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded’
Mr Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBC’s Evan Davis in the second of a series of special election interviews.
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in May 2013 for perverting the course of justice for taking Chris Huhne's speeding fines.
The economist has since written a book about life in women's prisons.
Sir Stirling Moss revealed unusual daily routine thanks for his longevity.
The 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash in 1962.
He said: 'I do what I call lady press ups and I do 77 a day'
Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul smacked around Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at a campaign stop in New Hampshire this morning.
Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid.
She ditched the van within days and flew back to the East Coast, travelling coach.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Sisonke Msimang moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months.
As a journalist and activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa.
But upon relocating she said she's been faced with the realisation that much like her native South Africa: ‘The deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population.
'A lot of the people I speak with say ‘I just treat you as a human, I don’t see race’ but they
Manchester United legends joined netball team for Superleague semi-finals.
Phil Neville, Gary Neville and Paul Scholes appeared in the video.
Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey, who will take over as England coach at the end of the season.
The Neville brothers are also involved in netball as his daughter Alicia is a keen player.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014.
Sadek had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013.
Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will.
Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes.
A careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
Bodies of young army recruits of Camp Speicher were found last Wednesday.
They were slaughtered by Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq.
The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters were a new kind of foe.
For almost 10 months families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand.
Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Zarina Diyas beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 by Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka.
Heather Watson loses to Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel progressed in straight sets.
Scott Kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water in Santa Barbara, California.
The video maker later noted that the pelican looked majestic, content and relaxed at this point in the clip.
Before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner.
The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead.
Finlay insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife.
Heartwarming scenes captured by photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, Russia.
He sat and watched as the mother became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs.
The 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate.
Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus.
She was trying to flee the Al-Yarmouk Camp on the outskirts of the city.
The teenager was shot dead on Tuesday as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'
That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial.
The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Jade Wimsey would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop.
Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
Robert Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide for the deaths of the Vermont couple, who were from Wilder, Vermont, and to assault for the death of the fetus.
Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy.
Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance Jason Timmons, 29, were killed instantly in the crash on December 7, 2013.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, has been charged with DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication.
Smith allegedly allowed a 10-year-old girl to take over the wheel of her car.
The incident occurred on South Third street in South Memphis on Thursday night.
David Luiz limped off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille.
The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player.
Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed 6lbs (2.7kg) and was 20 times bigger than it should have been.
It was extracted from 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD)
This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar.
The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the La Liga's top scorer this season with 37 goals.
Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services.
Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market.
The ruling means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night to move into fourth place.
David Worrall scored from a set-piece after Adam El-Abd was sent off.
Phil Brown's side are behind third-placed Wycombe on goal difference.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University.
But on March 26 she was sent an email telling her she had failed to make grade.
She refused to take no for an answer, saying: 'I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke'
Duke did eventually respond, but didn't share the joke, instead telling her that should could appeal their decision, but 'it's very rare' for the call to be overturned.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match, according to reports in Spain.
They would play for 'Team South' - comprised of stars from La Liga, Serie A and Ligue 1 - against a similar 'North' dream team from the Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League.
The players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll, with no more than three players from any club side.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies.
The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland.
Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for Real Madrid.
James Rodriguez has been out of action since February with a foot injury.
AS claim the rest of the season will be 'operation 30 points' for the Italian coach.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline.
The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem studied the cephlopods movement.
They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain.
It is the first time scientists have been able to fully understand how octopuses are able to control their movements without a rigid skeleton.
Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver disease.
His mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver when he was nine months old.
But his body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital.
Father Xiao Kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver yesterday.
The operation took five hours to complete and is believed to be the first in China where two parents have donated the same organ to save their child.
Hillary Clinton’s now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end.
Clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers and walked past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers, so there was no chance of a parking ticket, even if Scooby had been left unattended.
Sania Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in Charleston.
The 28-year-old became the first Indian woman to climb to the top of the WTA doubles ranking.
Mirza's run of winning 14 successive doubles matches with Martina Hingis will see her leapfrog Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci at the top.
Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., which is still under a full-vacate order, has been reunited with her two cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian.
Blomberg was asleep in her apartment when the explosion happened and she rushed out to see to had happened.
Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature.
The tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages.
This means that users get 116 characters to comment on a tweet.
Users can delete quote tweets by clicking the ‘More’ icon and by selecting ‘Delete Tweet’
Haris Vuckic was loaned to Rangers from Newcastle on the final day of transfer window.
The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season.
Vuckic has six goals in 10 games for the Gers so far this season.
Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died.
The 61-year-old has launched a High Court claim against his relatives.
Claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, won Masterchef last Friday.
He hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson.
Says it's 'like watching TV and if it’s happening in front of you, you can’t help but watch what they do'
Kim Richards, 50, was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the hotel.
The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house.
'A two inch drink?' Dr Phil asks. Kim answers, 'Oh yeah.'
The night ended with police officers dragging the reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was 'angry and frightened'
Peter Hamilton heard the woman's cries as he was passing by.
She told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep.
Mr Hamilton wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home.
He forced him to take out the only item he had on him - nail clippers.
Police say Rejean Hermel Perron held the woman at gunpoint on March 31.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and  will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday.
The glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin.
The average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week.
Over three quarters of us go crackers for cheddar, crowning it our favourite variety.
Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road.
He was part of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
Former City player Fred Eyre paid tribute to the goalkeeper.
Eric Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
The former Manchester United midfielder starred in You and the Night.
In one scene, Cantona is on his hands and knees in his underwear.
Newcastle announced record profits last month of £18.7m for 2013/14 season.
Accounts registered with Companies House show £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum.
The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative Premier League TV deals.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino.
Toni Duggan posted an image of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram.
Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages on social media.
The 23-year-old has since removed the photo from Instagram.
E.ON has been ordered to pay a £7.75million penalty to Citizens Advice.
It effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers.
Regulator Ofgem found that E.on broke the rules by hitting customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark.
Mr Phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December.
The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off shiners he picked up from Charlie Adam.
Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday.
The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal.
Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens.
The 41-year-old told the New York Post he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton.
The right back has been in impressive form this season.
Ronald Koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep Clyne at the club.
The TV channel E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election.
Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air.
E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month – ahead of BBC2 and Channel 5.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday.
It escalated and he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Andre Ward and Carl Froch have been ordered to meet in a unification fight.
The WBA have ordered Ward'super,' Froch'regular'
Froch declared willingness if Ward returns the compliment by travelling to the UK.
John Terry is on course to feature in all 38 Premier League games this season.
Chelsea captain made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea's 2009-10 title-winning season in which he scored three goals.
The 34-year-old has played 2,970 minutes, scoring three goals along the way as Chelsea sit 10 points clear of second-placed Manchester City.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!'
And while his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment Thursday.
She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
The killing came after the late mayor's years of domestic abuse, the widow claims.
A new television show will attempt to rescue failed marriages by arranging a full-on two week spouse switch for couples.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage.
She was told the same mistakes would not be repeated when she became pregnant.
But when her son Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister.
Ms McKay has been awarded £13 million in compensation, a £7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £6 million sum for her son's lifelong care was agreed.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi was head of politics at St George's School.
He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself.
The 41-year-old was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court.
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017.
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration.
This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent.
The report predicts that Australia's population will be 530,000 smaller ABS estimates for 2017.
Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health.
The 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art.
Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix last Sunday.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena.
Underwater company Deep Ocean Search was contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - some 4,500ft deeper than the Titanic.
The recovery took place in 2013, but has only now been made public.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu.
Real Madrid were reduced to 10 men when Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute for a second yellow card.
Cristiano Ronaldo equalised for Atletico Madrid with a neat finish from 12 yards.
The tech giant is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost.
Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are.
The deal would extend the service to the UK, Ireland, Italy and Spain, but the plans would only affect the small base of customers on Google's plan.
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by Princess Eugenie.
The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry.
Since splitting with Prince Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell took the stand on Tuesday.
The 13-year-old was found in basement of family's Detroit townhouse.
Said he was beaten with plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts.
Also revealed his treatment was so horrific, he attempted suicide in bid to escape parents' torture.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013.
The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13.
Both girls, who were students at Crystal Lake Middle School, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots.
On Wednesday, lawyers representing the family of the youngest girl filed a lawsuit naming Sheriff Grady Judd and Deputy Jonathan McKinney
Tracey Woodford, 47, is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd.
Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at the property yesterday.
A man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
Jamie Carragher does not believe Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys.
Simeone's Atletico Madrid lost 1-0 against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu.
Carragher is proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France.
Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot.
London Mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years.
But he conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in such an honour'
Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as future leader of the party.
The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003.
Charley Hull has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as Rory McIlroy.
The 19-year-old has added 25 yards to her drive since hooking up with swing coach Matt Belsham earlier this year.
American Lexi Thompson is another highly-touted golfer in women's golf and will challenge Hull.
Photos were released by RSPCA South Australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare.
The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.
He was granted to have two of his cats returned.
Animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night.
The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of France’s last eight Classique matches.
Match between blue-collar Marseille and money-bags PSG guarantees ferocity.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate Songkran.
The Toffees have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for 11 years.
Jagielka scored the winner against Southampton on Saturday.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco.
But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself.
It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC.
Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses.
The Caribbean island had the world's highest percentage, at nearly 60 per cent.
Britain came in at 41st place out of 108 surveyed countries, as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women.
Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan, Oklahoma.
The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer Luna.
As he was led out of the courtroom, Luna told reporters he was'sorry'
The 18-year-old victim was brutally raped at a bus stop in Leeds last month.
He was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
CCTV shows the man following three other potential victims on the same night.
One woman was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car.
The man is wanted for attempted murder and rape having left the woman for dead.
Zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions, the first was by Courtney Webb, the most recent was Martina Olsson.
At the weekend Swedish model Olsson claimed that she had slept with Zayn while he was holidaying in Thailand recently.
The 24-year-old said that Perrie should not stay with him any longer because he has cheated on her and continues to lie about it.
The petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power.
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds.
It currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
The 2.34 calibre bullets the gun fires also appear in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created.
The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008.
Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself.
Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries.
These include listings for an iOS battery life software engineer, a software power systems engineer, battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer.
Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage.
Emily and Claire Vincenti were dragged from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father, Tomaso Vincenti, was an abuser.
The four sisters were removed from Australia in dramatic circumstances and returned to Italy.
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the girls at their home near Florence and they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
'They are really well, really centred and settled,' she said.
The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area.
Three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen, leading to vast, winding tunnels.
The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
An ultra luxury penthouse has been bought off the plan by a Chinese businessman for a record price of $25 million.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108.
It will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, their own private grand foyer and glass elevator.
Construction has started on the building and is due to be completed by 2019.
Emergency EU summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers.
Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region.
Prime Minister David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK.
Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward'
Matthias Sammer believes Bayern Munich must focus on the future.
Bayern have lost Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso this season.
Sammer joined the Bundesliga giants in July 2012.
The 47-year-old insists Bayern must make plans for the future before it is too late.
Josh Harrop scored twice as Manchester United beat West Ham United.
Jordan Brown levelled the scores on the stroke of half-time.
Adnan Januzaj captained the young Red Devils Under 21s.
Bryan Morseman, 29, from Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14.
He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York.
The full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim.
Leeim was born prematurely because if spina bifida is left untreated, it can lead to brain damage and loss of leg usage.
Willy Junior sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13.
He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds.
Junior, who appears to be in his early 20s according to Facebook, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday night.
Arsene Wenger is up against the ultimate pragmatist - Jose Mourinho.
Mourinho has a poor Premier League Manager of the Month record.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Puren was youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912.
The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia.
He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Nicole Mihai has been told she must leave her two-year-old son, Chris, behind.
The Romanian woman separated from her New Zealand born partner.
She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris.
A ruling from the Family Court said Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father.
Tahlequah police intercepted a package headed to a home in Tulsa County.
The intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has now been arrested by police.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students.
Police say Rudison angrily accused the 18-year-old girl of skipping the line to pay for her purchases at the convenience store.
Rudison's son Jonathan Rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the two girls.
Incident caught on CCTV at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park.
Incident occurred at 6.55pm on Saturday, March 14.
Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised.
Diego Costa failed to recover from a hamstring injury against Stoke.
The Chelsea striker is unlikely to even make the bench for the clash.
Didier Drogba is the only senior striker available to Costa.
Dominic Solanke will deputise on the bench at the Emirates Stadium.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez.
Newcastle United striker was introduced as a second-half substitute against Liverpool on Monday night.
Falcao replaced Marouane Fellaini in the 83rd minute during United's 4-2 rout of Manchester City.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon.
John Terry has warned Arsene Wenger his side will not win the title.
The Chelsea captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas.
Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho.
Eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places, even with just five games left to play of the regular season.
There have been some stellar individual performances this season that will no doubt have attracted top flight attention.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December.
Belgian has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
The 27-year-old has been in impressive form since his return.
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation.
But the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police.
It heaps pressure on the Home Office to reveal exactly who knew what and when about the disturbing allegations against Janner.
Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal since September.
Mame Diouf equalised and Charlie Adam stole all three points.
Saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed Manchester City to two points.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley.
Barkley's penalty was awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon.
Leighton Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Police in Shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms worth £1.3 million.
They broke up large operation covering eight provinces and seized condoms.
Heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic.
Fakes were packaged as popular brands like Durex.
Miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio.
One user commented: 'Miley Cyrus doesn't shave her armpits and that worries me'
Olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations.
It works by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage.
Cancer cells that have a mutation in a BRCA gene rely completely on the PARP protein to fix the damage.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool.
But the 20-year-old has admitted he is 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon.
Follow the press conference as it happens from 2pm.
Nikki Thomas, 27, says she wishes she had done more to save her sister Jenna.
Jenna was strangled to death by Philip Packer in a jealous rage in 2008.
Nikki, from South Wales, appeared on This Morning in honour of her sister.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy when she visited her GP for treatment for a water infection.
But she was stunned upon her return to class to be told she must make up the missed time for the 'unauthorised absence'
Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised the'mind-boggling' decision.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well as six vehicles, one of which dating back over 40 years.
Divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions, including mopeds, on to the riverbank.
Clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after hundreds of objects were identified as blocking the river.
Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
Rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves were established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible.
Men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit.
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 at the DW Stadium in October.
Dom Manfredi scored his side's first try and Joe Burgess added a second.
It was a second successive defeat for Saints, who began the season under Keiron Cunningham with six wins in a row.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries.
Epiphany left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream, while Carl continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year.
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear.
The result means Bayern have won the Bundesliga for a record 25th time.
Pep Guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title.
Bayern travel to Bayer Leverkusen next week before hosting Augsburg.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in Alabama in 2001 for killing Russell Baker.
Baker, an acquaintance of his, was found dead next to his house in Mobile.
In 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge who blasted his trial.
Key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about his views.
Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
It is the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free.
Reports claim Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for.
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team.
Last week, a team of Stanford University chemists unveiled an aluminium battery that can recharge in less than 60 seconds.
During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city.
Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out for Hull with ankle injury.
Steven Davis could return to the Saints side to face Hull.
Hull boss Steve Bruce yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper Allan McGregor.
Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton.
Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the Belgium international.
Martinez believes the game presents the perfect environment to mark the death of former chairman Sir Philip Carter.
Images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world, including in Syria, Pakistan and North Korea.
Charlie Stayt missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton, Hampshire.
He later described the gaffe as 'one of those things,' after being alerted to it by colleagues.
The statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes is set to be removed today.
It follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue.
Members of the university council ordered that the bronze sculpture was removed, after hearing its presence made black students feel uncomfortable.
Photo was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs', apparently - late last year.
The Reddit user who posted it online insisted it was 'not photoshopped' and that paranormal forces could be at work.
Others suggested it was an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from Sainsbury's store in Coventry.
She threw used cigarette on ground before council officers came'sprinting' to say she had committed a criminal offence.
Miss Copeland refused to pay £50 fine within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
After failing to pay she was told to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will tie the knot in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Local shops and shop owners are preparing their fronts for the big day.
Many of the local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona on Tuesday.
Laurent Blanc was not really shocked after the 2-0 defeat at the Nou Camp.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control', official said.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit, retaken from the Islamic State group this week.
The Danish monarch waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the Amalienborg Palace.
Her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45, were with her again for a slap-up lunch.
The royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday as Liverpool stepped up preparations for Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa.
Sturridge hasn’t been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete slab fell on top of their pickup truck.
The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies.
It remains unknown what caused the'very heavy' concrete structure to fall.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community for worsening the situation.
The Lowy Institute report says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'
The risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response.
It comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Sarah Ivens, 34, wanted to be a father for her two children, William and Matilda.
After 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite, she desperately wanted to get pregnant.
The truth lay somewhere in the middle of the heartbreak, guilt and misinformation women find themselves drowning in as they consider motherhood.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to London.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso in Great Eccleston, Lancashire.
Female driver in Toyota Aygo pulled in front of Mr Kay as he was driving.
Collision was captured on film as Mr Kay fitted a camera to his dashboard.
The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder.
Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the officer went off sick.
Sebastien Pocognoli has been dropped from West Brom's starting 11.
The Belgian defender says he doesn't understand Tony Pulis' decision.
Pocognoli insists he wants to stay in the Premier League.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season.
His last goal against Burnley meant the world because it was for someone special.
Ramsey has dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away.
The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday.
The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average.
Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out.
Officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, report says.
They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns in first standoff.
Amid chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Shortly after firefight, officer mistakenly fired on police vehicle carrying 2 cops.
Also failed to properly aim their weapons during chaotic shootout with brothers.
After Action Report by Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency released Friday.
Justin Jackson accused of pretending to be Oprah Winfrey, Madonna's manager, Reggie Love and Johnny Depp's manager.
Court papers say he has been carrying out the bizarre schemes for eight years.
He is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love - the college basketball star who went on to be the President's personal assistant.
Hay Castle has been besieged, set ablaze and attacked by marauding Welsh rebels in its 800 year history.
Now the medieval stronghold is at risk of falling to an infestation of deathwatch beetles.
A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side.
The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, after John was told his cancer was terminal.
They set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a Range Rover parked outside a house.
Just seconds later using car hacking technology, he opens the door.
He then manages to start up the engine and reverse the car off the driveway.
Met Police are appealing for information in a bid to track down the thief.
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute.
Kelsey Higley studied art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman.
The 22-year-old created a self-portrait of her body, showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful.
Her work has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo.
Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of Prince George in 2013.
Babies born on the same day will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies.
The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000.
Currently, Google Wallet, along with PayPal and Venmo, is not legally required to be federally insured.
But with the new change to its policy, funds in Wallet Balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers, making it a more intimate on-board experience.
The smaller size of the vessels means it can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels.
Boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as Monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him.
She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007.
The notorious Prohibition-era gangster was believed to be behind the slayings of seven people in Chicago on February 14, 1929, by hired killers dressed as policemen.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots.
Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure.
David Seaman made one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United 12 years ago.
The 51-year-old says the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at Euro 96 for England.
Arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night.
The Hoops boss Gary Teale said the pitch is one of the best in the league.
But Ronny Deila believes that is an indictment rather than a boast.
Krista Dotzenrod, 24, from Minnesota caught the ball during a game against the San Diego Padres on Saturday afternoon.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court.
His lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf.
Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia, on Tuesday.
The 14-time major winner has dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Woods is making his latest attempt at a comeback at The Masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities.
Pele and Beckenbauer played together for New York Cosmos in the 1970s.
The pair were pioneers at the time, bringing football to a new territory.
Pele, now 74, was asked whether he'd prefer Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo.
He said Ronaldo is'more forward, more of a scorer'
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in 1974.
A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England.
Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot.
George Bailey is to join Sussex for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign.
Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene.
The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour.
Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate.
Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen hope it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow.
Auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them?
Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall.
It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused.
Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia.
The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'
The Aussie, born Natalie Stewart, has taken to the role with lavish, overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language.
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia did not breach father's right to a family life when deported in 2011.
Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations.
But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him.
Pablo Osvaldo believes Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti should join him at Boca Juniors.
The 29-year-old has scored three goals in six games for the Argentinian giants.
Osvaldo says the fans would love to see the pair line up on the pitch.
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012.
But the hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on Facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months.
Karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look.
An extraordinary photo has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger in a slouch hat.
It was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye.
Mr Allan describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
This comes as travellers heading to Anzac Day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings and get insurance.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces.
In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
The research was conducted by scientists and published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error.
FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier.
In 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg.
Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba.
The 22-year-old Romanian is valued at around £6million.
Tim Sherwood is looking at attacking duo Bakary Sako and Tom Carroll.
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham.
The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between May 1 and June 13 last year.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager.
He has coached a whole host of world class stars during that time.
Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008.
He knew in Sanchez he had a ‘jewel’ on his hands.
Sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham.
The Daily Show host has moved on to become a US TV star and left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream.
Noah has known Gabriel for at least four years and it's believed they began dating early in 2014.
But following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year it was clear Noah's career was about to explode.
Online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season.
The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night.
They are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
HBO said it is 'actively assessing how this breach occurred'
Mark Dawe, head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board, said pupils now learn through search engines anyway.
He said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Chris Rowe, 31, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer in December.
The father-of-one was dismissed by doctors five times in two months.
After noticing a dull ache in his ribs, and coughing up blood, he was taken to A&E.
There, an X-ray revealed a tumour had spread to his liver and bones.
Mr Rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life.
Lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations.
They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
These include being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls.
Micky Adams is the 42nd manager to be sacked this season.
He was sacked on Sunday by Tranmere, rock bottom of the Football League.
There have been 10 sackings in both League One and League Two.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night.
Pep Guardiola led his side to a 5-0 lead before half-time.
Bayern are through to the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, were jailed.
All four workers ‘systematically’ abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses.
Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of two charges of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Ander Herrera scored the only goal of the game in the 43rd minute.
Louis van Gaal has piled pressure on Manchester City ahead of their games against Crystal Palace and United.
United have not beaten City at home since Wayne Rooney's wonder goal in February 2011.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach quarter-finals.
Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the last eight.
Tomas Berdych and Carla Suarez Navarro also made it through.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s groin problems.
Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since March 9.
But it is the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem that has caused the delay in Chamberlain's return to action, not the hamstring.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of murder.
Robert Dobinson, 33, had been dating mother-of-two Elderfield for two years.
The couple had had sex in the morning of the day he was killed, jury told.
Elderfield's lover, Tony Steggles, brought a large amount of alcohol to the boat.
Mr Dobinson had left to spend the afternoon with a friend, court told.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend.
The 35-year-old was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches.
Steven Young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was jailed for 18 years.
Last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time.
It was £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million for champagne.
The prosecco revolution was set against a backdrop of celebratory occasions.
Sales bubbled along rather slowly, and by 2009 we were still only consuming just over two million bottles a year.
Isabelle Obert, who runs Nurture Me Fertility, believes a good diet can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
She explains how health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy and the health of the baby, child and even through to adulthood.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 1-0 at Wembley on Sunday afternoon.
Steven Gerrard was unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance.
Liverpool have won 12 of 31 games (39 per cent) when Gerrard has started this season.
Raheem Sterling managed just 18 passes in the match.
Andy Carroll has undergone knee surgery in Dubai ahead of next season.
The West Ham striker is currently overseas with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow as he continues his recovery.
However, the 26-year-old will not have a summer break and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in 2007.
He is said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl.
Ewing allegedly rang police two weeks before she went missing to tell officers a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
The Crown Prosecution Service believes he did so to 'test the water'
He denies murder and intending to pervert the course of public justice.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool.
Sterling revealed in a BBC interview that he would have signed a lot less a year ago.
The 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille for £10million last summer.
The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at Lille.
Origi has been in regular contact with compatriot Simon Mignolet.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences.
He was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification.
The 17-year-old has re-appeared in court a number of times since last October after being accused of repeatedly breaching his bail.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike.
Kevin Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket.
Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance.
Novitzky was involved in the investigations into Barry Bonds, Marion Jones and Justin Gatlin.
Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A.
Roma moved level on points with second-placed Lazio on 58 points.
Napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat Cagliari on Sunday.
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a'religious nutcase' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist.
Her colleague Enya Nawaz, then 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity.
Miss Nawaz made a formal complaint, and the East London NHS Foundation Trust suspended her for nine months while they investigated.
She launched her own employment tribunal against the NHS in January, saying it would be 'politically incorrect' to find a Christian innocent.
Jourdan, 24, and Naomi, 44, have been unveiled as faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection.
The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames, which were designed to reflect the timelessness and innovation of cotton gabardine.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
She came up with the idea after spending days upon days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes.
Among the designs is a sports bra showing images from a healthy mammogram.
Alpha Delta is responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations.
Alpha Delta President Ryan Maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options.
Research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island.
To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
They participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning.
Subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with relatives.
University student was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week.
Six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at Birmingham Airport, two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at Manchester Airport.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia.
Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree, Georgia State Patrol spokeswoman Tracey Watson said.
The former drummer and a founding member of the Southern hard rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, Burns, 64, was killed in the wreck.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 at the El Arcangel stadium in Andalucia.
Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season.
Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico but have a game in hand.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration.
Ko tied the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds.
Yevhen Shakhov scored the winner for Dnipro in the 82nd minute.
Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle the tie.
Brugge were held to a goalless draw in Belgium last week.
The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device.
Bodyprint was devised by Christian Holz, Senaka Buthpitiya, and Marius Knaust from the California-based Yahoo Labs.
Details of its algorithm are included in their paper, Bodyprint: Biometric User Identification on Mobile Devices Using the Capacitive Touchscreen to Scan Body Parts.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York.
The situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction.
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, burst into the home of John and Emma Evans in Chorley, Lancashire, last September.
Devaney was wielding a meat cleaver and Rolstrron was armed with a knife.
As the terrier barked, Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims' car.
Couple were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking at Preston Crown Court.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China, following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face.
Mother said: 'We left after our baby girl fell asleep. Who knew this would happen?'
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School.
He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in Surrey.
After incident, he said: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day'
Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, jailed for nine months on Friday.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement.
'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza.
O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law.
The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
The group advocates a global Muslim caliphate, similar to the one established by Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
Ahmed was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week.
He was one of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children aged from one to 11.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio around 4am Sunday morning.
York's parents believe she left home on her bike with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone.
On Monday, York's mother posted on Facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to Missouri.
Mike Fitzgerald has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
The 28-year-old is set to follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road next season.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this week.
A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female.
Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Chloe the wombat first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December.
In an adorable video uploaded to Instagram by Taronga Zoo, Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas.
The echidna moved away but Chloe still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up.
When she's not napping, Chloe likes to follows her zoo keeper Evelyn Weston around the zoo.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant.
She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster'
Adele Berry contacted Vodafone over a problem with her bill last month.
But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her.
He called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws'
The man has now been suspended by the network provider.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China.
The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday.
He is two shots behind American Peter Uihlein and Spain's Pablo Larrazabal.
Luis Suarez revealed that he sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photo.
The Uruguayan scored the winner in the 'El Clasico' last month.
Suarez admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty.
The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710.
Today, the go-to expert is Carole Maggio, the LA-based creator of Facercise, with a celebrity and royalty-packed client list.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year.
US prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street.
The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles.
She was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time.
The toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food and ballooning to 17st.
Shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night.
Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start at lock.
Both players are retiring at the end of their professional careers.
Chelsea moved 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Eden Hazard's goal was enough to beat Manchester United 1-0.
Jose Mourinho's side need two wins from their last six matches to claim the title.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles.
Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account.
John Foran’s wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the splinter-covered shard.
The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Spytty Retail Park near the couple's home in Newport, South Wales, within the last two weeks.
Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Proms will include late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong.
He will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'
Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move, adding: 'Why not celebrate it in a Proms way with a big orchestra?'
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol.
Defense attorneys argued that Lou Gehrig's disease had damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths.
A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday.
During Steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist Dr. Doug Tucker had testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life.
The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
Overnight, she had been struck with Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s.
A confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life.
The DEA refused to help Toro with his citizenship after he went public with his plight.
He said: 'I am scared to death. I don't sleep anymore'
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, wrote to the Financial Times newspaper.
He says an external factor like 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame.
The crash in the Alps has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Investigators say Lubitz barricaded himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet.
But Mr Andersson says any number of causes could have caused the crash.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 on Sunday to reach European final.
Mark McCall's side face Clermont in St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard.
Clermont have not lost in Europe since 2008.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium in the early kick-off.
Middlesbrough lost plus Norwich failed to win and Fulham beat Boro 4-3.
Tommie Hoban has called promotion an 'unbelievable achievement'
Ile Louët is set in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France, and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for explorers.
Guests can stay in a 19th century lighthouse for the mere price of €200 (£145/$215) for two nights.
The lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and their families would inhabit the island with the lighthouse keeper.
Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently, but luckily his driver was there to change it.
Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance.
The pair had pulled off and into the Conservatorium to change the tyre when Ms Waterford approached them.
It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre after boasting he was a 'fixer'
Stuart McCall was warned not to take the Rangers job by Walter Smith.
The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts.
It was a crucial triumph that moves Gers back into second place in the Scottish Championship ahead of the end-of-season play-offs.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013.
He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
The father-of-three planned his own funeral and was told his cancer was now in remission.
Mr McCabe has now rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee Lisa Williams.
'I don't want to leave you or mammy, but I haven't got an option,' he said.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa.
Mourinho ended his three-year spell in Madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013.
Arbeloa handed a portion of the credit for last season's Champions League win to Mourinho, saying his work was the foundation of their success under Carlo Ancelotti.
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
Instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
The 14-year-old is fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns.
She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside her house.
On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce.
When she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
Medical examiners determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice.
The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation.
Super speakers showed less activity in Broca's region of the brain.
This area is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic.
Neuroscientists at University College London used magnetic resonance imaging scans of the brains of 17 professional comedians, a radio presenter and barrister.
They were asked to lie in the scanner while talking for 30 seconds on random topics without hesitation, deviation or repetition – a task based on the BBC 4 panel show Just a Minute.
John Peacock's England have been drawn in Group D of the UEFA Under 17 European Championships.
The tournament will take place in Bulgaria between May 6 and 22.
Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009.
Since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup.
On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates.
It will set new dates after the legal questions are settled.
Falkirk defeated Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park.
Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences.
They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available ‘for which there is a salary adjustment’
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument in Russia.
Prosecutors said dance was disrespectful to those who fought in the war.
Two of the women jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app.
The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen.
Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and ‘watching the game at home’
Facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, the links they click on and their searches.
The National Bar Association said Clarence Habersham, 37, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report.
Habersham was the second office to arrive at the body of Walter Scott, 50, and did not report Slager's actions leading up to the shooting.
Scott, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
Peter Fox, 26, was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning.
He is wanted for the murders of his mother Bernadette, 57, and sister Sarah, 27.
Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Britt McHenry, 28, is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C.
In a self-aggrandizing rant on her blog, she tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone'
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test.
The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing.
It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Chelsea Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website.
In April 2014, Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning.
After suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment, allowing the former Army private to transition into a woman while serving out her sentence.
Just this month, Manning started Tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook.
The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the cat playing with 15-year-old Joshua Teague.
Joshua’s dad Phil, 56, a computer programmer, bought the cat with his wife Christine, 45, in December 2013 from a seller who lived in Birmingham.
Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Freddie Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'
They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website.
The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions'
Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday.
The 47-year-old has been linked with Manchester City and Real Madrid.
Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp has'more right' than Manuel Pellegrini.
Juan Agudelo scored his first international goal since March 2011.
Morris pounced on a ball ricocheted off Mario Osuna in the 49th minute.
Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit ahead of mega-fight.
Mayweather posted a video of himself receiving a SubZero recovery cool down in Las Vegas.
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp.
Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world’s highest peak.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit.
The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis.
She has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox'
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ‘bedlam’
Fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel.
Tiger Woods joined Miguel Angel Jimenez on the practice ground on Monday.
The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game.
Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday.
Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday (4pm kick-off)
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho.
Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with Mourinho.
Celtic are interested in signing John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci.
Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were sold to Dundee United in January.
The pair are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million.
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties.
The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britain’s oil demand within 15 years.
It could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia.
But industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one describing them as ‘overly optimistic’
A white German Shepard puppy named Lt.Dan from South Carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle.
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who lost both of her feet.
U.S. Treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' American computer networks.
Obama said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the United States'
Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targeted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind.
Thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport.
The teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold.
But she was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals so far this season for QPR.
The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer.
Everton were among Premier League clubs who checked on Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare on Sunday.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target.
He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could.
Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh.
She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances.
But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her thigh and bottom.
Warren Rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days.
He feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him.
Mr Rodwell believes he may be in for another fight.
Under Australian law, victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
For that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 campaign.
New Balance take over in supplying the Merseyside club's kit.
Liverpool's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits.
The strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920.
A year ago, Darrell Clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how Rovers fell out of the League.
The circumstances were extraordinary; the chance they have on Saturday for quick redemption is made all the more fascinating because of what happened in that crazy finale.
Shanna McCormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day.
Had been in and out of hospital with life-threatening asthma attacks.
Doctors said strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
But she managed to lose 16.5st in two years and dropped 18 dress sizes.
Yingying Dou ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
It was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments.
Internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating.
This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - said it had expelled two students, suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct.
Steve Simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient'
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India, to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them.
The men grabbed Arshdeep and made several attempts to'molest' her.
But instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in the sexual assault.
Incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50 miles from the Pakistani border, in Punjab province.
Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land Neto, according to his agent.
Liverpool were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season.
A January move for Neto never materialised but the former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office.
The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of  Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
Mr Barr is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia.
The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts.
McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Martin Guptill has not represented New Zealand at Test level since 2013 tour of England.
Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Guptill smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence.
They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls.
The Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since.
Jacques Villeneuve returned to the F1 grid for the Chinese GP in his traditional baggy overalls, the 1997 world champion poses with team boss Flavio Briatore.
Michael Schumacher collided with Christijan Albers' Minardi while driving out the pit-lane to the grid before the start of the 2005 race.
Jay Hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout.
The semi-professional footballer had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley AFC.
His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for the clip.
Mr Hart admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes.
Detectives determined there was a verbal argument that led to a physical altercation.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by three shots going into second round.
Justin Rose and Ernie Els both shot five-under-par 67 on Thursday.
Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson both shot 71.
Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson both shot 70.
Stone tools were discovered buried in sediment near Lake Turkana in Kenya.
Experts have long believed that it was the use of stone tools by early species of Homo like Homo habilis and Homo erectus that set them apart from other human-like species.
The tools were found at a site known as Lomekwi 3 - the rocks the stones are knocked off.
Singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million.
American Pie mourns the death of late-50s rock n' roll icon Buddy Holly.
It was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972.
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'
This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight.
Indulging in two hot cross buns (without jam and butter) will take up to 50 minutes of running to work off.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital.
The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics.
It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison.
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife Brenda Davidson, 72.
At the time he said she committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer.
But after being shown evidence she was killed, he changed his story.
In a letter from jail, Jackson said Mrs Davidson must have been killed by intruders.
He said he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 6-4 7-6 (7/5), 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo Masters.
Roger Federer lost to Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Novak Djokovic will now face Marin Cilic in the other semi-final.
Robin Barton, 25, was abandoned behind a dumpster in 1989 when he was just four hours old.
Now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind the dumpster.
Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy, who weight just 4lb 2oz, and name him Adam, but his adoptive parents beat him to it.
As a child his mother abandoned him and his four siblings.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-final on March 9.
A 15-year-old boy took to social media and posted a vile, racist rant under the username @angeIsleftfoot.
The tweet continued with sickening references that are too offensive to publish here.
Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa – where the nation's first primary caucuses will start.
Of the ten students interviewed in Kirkwood Community College's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number isn't stored in your contacts book.
It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side were beaten 3-1 in the first leg in Portugal last week.
The Spaniard said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'Spice' is sweeping the city.
The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri.
Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week.
Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season.
The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the Magpies' Under 21s against Derby.
But it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again.
Waze allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more.
The tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app's police-tracking function.
Waze, which Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion has 50million users in 200 countries, a number which is growing.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter.
Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods.
This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of exam.
The only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog Holly.
After confiding in teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Staff at Bodmin College in Cornwall have worked with pupils to help combat stress during the busy exam period.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field.
He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Dr Ros Altmann will be appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election.
Former Treasury adviser will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
Dr Altmann would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Stuart McCall was 21 when Bradford City's Valley Parade fire claimed 56 lives.
He returned to his car to find the door handle was burning hot because it had been parked so near to the blaze.
McCall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones.
The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985.
The 69-year-old actress, who has won countless accolades for her talents, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s.
In an interview with Times2, the actress explained: 'I happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f****** 1940s or 1950s. It was horrible'
Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter summit next month.
His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, the beginning of the climbing season, when an avalanche swept down.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29.
He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip.
After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a move back to his homeland Atletico Madrid.
Spanish midfielder has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season.
Cazorla says he is happy with his life at Arsenal and with his wife and children in north London.
Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on April 16.
The 68-year-old NBA legend was admitted to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease.
He had quadruple coronary bypass surgery and cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
After retiring from the NBA, he starred in Game of Death with Bruce Lee.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row.
The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing'
Mr Galloway responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, is recovering at the Ronald Reagan center of UCLA hospital in Los Angeles.
A friend said she had been suffering what she described as 'constant headaches' and had booked the appointment two weeks ago.
Eddie Howe sealed Premier League promotion with 3-0 win over Bolton.
Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success as soon as he got to know him in 2002.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves.
The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Wandsworth council is set to remove the rule giving priority to siblings.
It will give priority to younger brothers and sisters even if family has moved out.
More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school.
In the most oversubscribed areas, four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday.
Police say the woman wouldn't pull up to drive-through window at around 3.30am, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward.
She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states.
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final on his 35th birthday.
The Liverpool captain was suspended for the quarter-final replay against Manchester United on March 22.
But Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa.
Gary Bowyer feels it would be fitting for Gerrard to lift the trophy before he leaves for Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official.
'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police.
She replaces Eric Holder, who left the job Friday after six years as attorney general.
Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Days earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia.
Overcome with emotion, Bobby, tweeted: 'Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum, I will never be able to thank you enough'
President Barack Obama granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013.
Had the CIA been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies, argues the Wall Street Journal, the January drone strike that killed two hostages could have been postponed or even prevented entirely.
Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike, which may have delayed it, possibly sparing the lives of Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and 39-
Courtney Lawes made a trademark hit on France fly-half Jules Plisson.
England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel.
Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30.
He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Brelo's footprints were also found on  the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams were killed in November 2012.
The car was strafed by police gunfire and its two unarmed occupants were killed after a high-speed chase
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa.
On Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week.
In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list.
The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th place.
The RV Flip has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years.
The 355-foot scientific platform has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees.
With 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
Transvestite TV star Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger on Saturday night.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday.
During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long'
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker, which rescued those on board Thunder, said the captain of the now submerged ship was seen cheering.
The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah.
She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 Waitrose branches.
Later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker.
It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks.
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations.
This was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France and become the second most powerful economy in Europe, behind Germany.
Reading beat Bradford in the last round of the FA Cup on a Monday.
The Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games.
Steve Clarke wants scheduling of matches in England to improve.
Cole Skuse opened the scoring for Ipswich with a 30-yard effort in the first half.
Cardiff's Bruno Ecuele Manga made it 2-1 in the 29th minute.
Daryl Murphy added a third in the 90th minute to seal the win.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas.
Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge.
The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom.
Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Kimberly Greenberg went for a walk near her Santa Monica home.
The 15-year-old has not been seen since March 24.
Her mother Janice Greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help.
She said: 'There's no getting through the day - there's no explaining it'
Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould.
Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake the hand of Alexandra Dulgheru.
The Canadian was mocked at home and abroad over the incident.
Bouchard lost both her singles matches to ranked 69 and 104.
She reached last year's Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority had launched a bid to keep MPs' original claims secret.
But the Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians.
Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published - rather than a summary of the claim put in by MPs.
A seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food.
The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him.
When he resisted, they set him on fire, Inspector Sasthe said.
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol.
They found a small horse chained to the ground in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn round.
Another horse was found chained to a grassy area nearby.
Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla at the Nou Camp on Saturday night.
Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
The Brazilian forward has been substituted in 15 of his 34 matches this season.
Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead in the 57th minute after Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty.
Carvalho collided with Monaco defender Aymen Abdennour as he made his way towards goal.
Carlos Tevez, who has scored six goals in the Champions League, dropped off in search of the ball in to feet from Pirlo.
Charlie Patino, 11, and his parents Julio and Katy weigh up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham.
The Patinos are absorbing the enormity of the offers on the table before they come to a decision at the end of the season.
Charlie takes to the game at an early age, developing a feel for the ball that was far more advanced than his peers.
Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane.
The flight was due to leave Britain for the Algarve at 7pm yesterday.
Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions delayed the flight.
President Barack Obama has granted clemency to 22 drug dealers.
They were convicted of dealing crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving life in prison.
The effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing and would be serving shorter punishments.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Tunisian defender Bilel Mohsni about his discipline.
The Ibrox side lost 3-0 to Queen of the South on Thursday.
Rangers face Raith in the Premiership play-off on Sunday.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song.
In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing.
And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum.
The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal.
The German has failed to score since arriving in Serie A in January.
Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died.
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995.
Now her son plans to conquer K2 himself.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges.
All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh when he was thrown in on Sunday evening.
He was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak.
His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland.
The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights.
Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service.
In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger, revealed at its recent f8 conference in San Francisco.
The GIFs are created in the Camoji app.
Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan.
The badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year.
He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the National Crime Agency's Operation Captura campaign.
Ed Miliband explicitly ruled out allowing another Scottish independence referendum.
The Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month.
Former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the Strait of Hormuz, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said.
The first incident was revealed by the Pentagon after Iranian guards seized MV Maersk Tigris this week by firing warning shots across the vessel's bows.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrated the Songkran festival with a game of kick-ups at their Cobham training base.
The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion during the light-hearted game.
Brown captained Chelsea's Under 19 side to UEFA Youth League final glory over Shakhtar Donetsk on Monday in Nyon.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday.
Angel di Maria, Juan Mata, Marcus Rojo, Chris Smalling, Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young have proved their worth.
The only potential problem would be a Michael Carrick injury.
James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season.
Elena Curtin of Portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014.
Curtin, 23, was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week, but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because she was 'completely justified in her outrage'
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment.
Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine addict and branded her 'Miss Bonkers'
Tribunal found she was a'resilient person' who had suffered 'disgraceful' harassment.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect, then intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon.
Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in West Midlands.
Figures include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim.
Chloe's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken.
She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into Huminski's car and driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK.
He had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, from Ebbw Vale, South Wales.
Mr Holpin has boasted of having children with 20 different women.
Ms Morris claims the two are 'crazy for each other' and trust him 'completely'
She has a 28-year-old son from a previous relationship and met Mr Holpin through Plenty Of Fish in 2012 - and he's still on the site.
Residents in Aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell... mud, covering them in a strange dark residue.
The scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in the city in Inner Mongolia.
Carlisle United are without a win in five games in League Two.
The Cumbrians are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone.
Manager Keith Curle has laid into his players following their 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley.
PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the French League Cup at the Stade de France.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half.
Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win with a fine header.
Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury.
Judge Denzil Lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document so she could gain greater control over her mother’s money.
The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire.
She owns a £600,000 house, savings and shares worth £100,000, and has an income of £1,200 a month.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre urged members to stand up against gun-control efforts.
LaPierre declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands'
Hillary Clinton is expected to announce her presidential bid on Sunday.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing.
His mother Kim, 43, said her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'
But she slammed what she calls the lenient sentence, saying: 'There is no justice at all'
She said: 'Jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it'
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25.
Allegedly targeted them during army interview and screening process.
He had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas, court heard.
Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Kim Scott has released a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day.
The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday.
Kim Scott addressed the poem, 'On this Your Special Day...My little sister/ Stephanie Clare Scott/ Is now a wedded wife/ Believe it or not'
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin.
The 36-year-old took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009.
Harmison posted a tongue-in-cheek tweet on Tuesday night.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations.
The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it.
Aidan Coleman rides The Druids Nephew at Aintree on Saturday.
Coleman stepped in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty.
The eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase.
Harvey Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office on Friday night.
But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between the model and Weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again'
The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City on Saturday.
Chapman carried the couple's four-
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
It is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients.
Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers.
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul.
Hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants.
She and six others were then taken to house in nearby village where they met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping'
She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida.
It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday.
He declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February.
With a debt repayment deadline looming on May 1, Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year.
Middlesbrough striker won the award at The Football League Awards.
Dele Alli, on loan from Tottenham, was named the Young Player of Year.
An intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast Low is battering the NSW coast.
The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever.
Winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast, causing a tree to fall on a car in East Gosford on Monday.
An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
A floodwater rescue operation is underway in Hunter area where there have been wind gusts
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen on March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
The primary school teacher didn't turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School.
Her family have likened the situation to'something out of a movie'
Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, but was banned from swimming in September.
The 29-year-old will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona, from April 15-18.
Phelps is still serving the 18 months of probation he received from a Baltimore District Court judge after he pleaded guilty to driving under the influence.
Tyler Kost, 19, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School.
The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse.
Newport County striker Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months.
The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault at Swindon Crown Court.
He also attempted to rob two men after drinking heavily at a party.
Ashton Taylor was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013.
The 21-year-old Perth student has undergone 15 brain surgeries - lasting seven hours for each operation.
Gibson, whose Whole Pantry app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people, triggered international outrage when it emerged she had failed to pass on donations to various charities.
Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson's cancer story but an apology won't cut it.
Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation following his straight-red card for throwing grass at Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets.
The Celta Vigo forward was shown a straight red card following the incident during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta on Sunday.
Orellana will miss his side's next game against Granada on Wednesday night.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements over the Tannoy since last year.
Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour.
The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since.
He even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations he is passing through.
Alan Barnes was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear.
He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year.
The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000.
Mr Barnes, 67, was handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house today.
Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters.
Arnold Palmer is unable to play as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder.
The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits.
The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket.
Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania.
The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
At least one of the individuals checked in early Sunday morning before the gunshots were heard at about 9 a.m.
David Moyes waved goodbye to Manchester United exactly a year ago.
United lost seven of their 19 league games at Old Trafford – unacceptable.
Louis van Gaal has propelled United back into the top four, despite an up-and-down season.
Moyes and Van Gaal have both made mistakes but the Dutchman seems to have the strength of personality to correct them.
Philippe Saint-Andre succeeded Marc Lievremont as France coach in 2011.
He has failed to impose himself, winning just 15 of his 37 games in charge.
The FFR launched the application process to find his replacement on Friday.
Serena Williams reached the Miami Open final for the first time in 2015.
The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year.
Williams has lost only five sets on tour this season, two at the Australian Open, one in Indian Wells, and two in Miami.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - formed when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime.
It is a fierce enemy of both Islamist groups as well as Jabhat Al-Nusra, but embraces independent rebel forces and 'non-Jihadi' units.
A parking attendant managed to plough a 200mph supercar through the front of a shop.
Roberto Cinti was driving the Ferrari 599 GTO when he mistook the throttle for the brake.
Instead of pressing the brake when approaching a shop front, the driver mashed the throttle, unleashing 671bhp from the magnificent 6.0-litre V12 engine.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video.
The militant has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil.
He is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine.
State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Robin van Persie has been ruled out of the game with ankle trouble.
Louis van Gaal said he has been dreaming of beating rivals City.
United boss also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria.
It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.
The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year.
The TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
Both employees were fired following the incident.
David Nicholson, 48, 'used school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute'
Married father-of-four'sent explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on her dressing up.
Said he 'looked forward to putting you over my knee', it is claimed.
Mr Nicholson, from Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, is still under investigation.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990.
Forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain.
The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca.
Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Manchester City at Old Trafford.
It was Aguero's first goal since he scored for City against Barcelona in February.
James Milner went off in a strop as he waited to be replaced by Samir Nasri.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life.
But they believe a private education is the best way to achieve it.
So desperate are they to get their son Craig – known to them as CJ – into a local prep school that they’ve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees.
They have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers, and have pinned their hopes on a ‘crowd-funding’ initiative.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday, going down 2-1 on aggregate.
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time'
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya.
She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days.
Then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods near Kirkcaldy.
Image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) are visible from further away.
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory.
They can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury.
Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats, which have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce a person's risk of heart attack or stroke.
Bill de Blasio is allegedly preparing to run as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton.
The mayor's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party.
He hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him.
This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus.
The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
Earlier this month Britain was shrouded in a cloud of Saharan dust, known as 'blood rain,' as temperatures soared.
The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion.
The softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's debate.
The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure.
Abraham sat out the rest of the debate as a doctor evaluated her backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop due to the unforgiving stage lights.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players after a 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves on Saturday.
Town's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.
Nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
It says amateur astronomers could help with its 'unprecedented' search for ET by accessing research data online.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale.
The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range.
West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street.
Moynihan is a highly decorated military veteran awarded a medal for bravery by President Obama for his involvement in a shoot-out with the Boston Bombing suspects.
Andy Flower will not interfere with the work of the next director of England cricket.
The England Cricket Board gave Flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last Ashes whitewash.
Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side.
Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets.
McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day on Twitter, calling it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion'
In other tweets, the reporter mocked the 'these brave Anzacs' and accused Diggers of committing war crimes.
Social media users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and labelling McIntyre's tweet a 'token apology'
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in a park in Trenton, New Jersey.
People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!'
Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
Ken Clarke says Tories have become 'too right-wing' to win an election outright.
Former Chancellor warns against offering 'blank cheques' to NHS and foreign aid budgets.
Mr Clarke served four years in David Cameron's Cabinet.
Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year’s absence.
The US Public Links champion opened with a 74 on his Masters debut.
Kardashian used to pick holidays close to home, in the sun, on a beach and with her family - if her recent vacations are anything to go by.
This month, Kim and her husband Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter.
Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital with her husband.
Michael O'Leary made the vow in an interview with Le Journal du Dimanche.
Mr O’Leary said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers.
He claimed most European airlines have an average ticket price of €170 for a short flight.
Ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs with new Boeing aircraft.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse.
Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect, utopian idyll.
Cristiano Ronaldo has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American League side he now co-owns.
Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside.
The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011.
Keith Cameron scammed friend and neighbour, Jonathan Speirs, out of £476,864.
The 54-year-old promised him a £2million return on his investment in two years.
But it was all an elaborate lie and Cameron was today jailed for five years.
Bubba Watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International.
Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
The suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday.
Even during Presley’s lifetime, the tuxedo carried a level of mystique.
David Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground.
He was unarmed.
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle, 36, claimed she shot him in self-defense.
A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am.
Police say the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute.
The Charleston County Sheriff's Department, the crisis negotiations team, SWAT, and bomb squads were called in to take over the situation.
At 12:17 pm, a SWAT team from the sheriff's office entered the home and found the individual deceased in the residence.
Geoff Barrow said his band Portishead were paid just £1,700 in royalties.
Portishead founder said he was concerned young artists were getting a poor deal.
He said he has nothing against streaming but wants musicians to be paid more.
Jay Z launched his own streaming service, Tidal, this month.
Five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the Australian Navy on HMAS Stirling.
They were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son's life support after several days in hospital.
Matt Henry, who was friends with Stuart, said there was a drug culture
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared.
Adult males reach 16-20 meters (50-65 feet) in length, although most are less than 18 meters (60 ft)
Males are much smaller than males, reaching only 11 meters (36 feet) on average.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo.
Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club.
There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Louis van Gaal prefers to work with young players and may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell at Old Trafford.
Cavani has not scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military.
They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen.
First Russian plane brought Russian, Belarusian, Ukrainian and other citizens to Russia.
Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
Premier League and Football League will observe minute's silence.
Players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark tragedy.
Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for charity.
Norwich beat Brighton 2-1 at the Amex Stadium on Good Friday.
Bradley Johnson scored the winning goal in the 62nd minute.
Cameron Jerome was brought down by Brighton captain Gordon Greer.
Fenerbahce team bus was shot at near the city of Trabzon on Saturday night.
The driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet after initially saying he was hit by stone.
Police took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit.
None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent.
Crime victims in Bedfordshire and Devon are waiting up to a third longer.
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said victims were being put at risk.
In Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image on Facebook.
She is seen beaming while holding deadly weapon while holding the weapon.
'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me", she said in caption.
Then 'exchanged words' with other users on the site, it is reported.
Holmes, from Chesterfield, Virginia, has since been charged with harassment by computer.
Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind.
His account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls.
Other accounts say that some of its former adherents - including Barlow - are changing the towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, had applied for Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton.
Her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school.
But when allocations were announced today she found out her youngest would have to attend a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's.
Ms Whitehouse is planning to appeal Rochdale Council's decision and says: 'I can't split myself in half and be at both schools'
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia.
He was taken to Sadgorod Zoo where he joined two young cubs also believed to have been orphaned as a result of hunting.
Two one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild, but are flourishing in the care of zoo workers.
Grey seals have been spotted feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed.
Footage shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey.
It is the first time they have been seen around Britain and raises concerns that swimmers could be next.
Divock Origi was voted second most overrated player in France Football poll.
Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Origi to be a success at Anfield.
Origi joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup.
The 19-year-old has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 this season.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday.
The pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools.
Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off.
His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during ordeal.
The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree.
It will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £500 million being staked globally by punters.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year make their choice purely down to the name of the horse while 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence.
The mother-of-three saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring with his 26th goal of the season.
Leonardo Bonucci doubled Juve's lead after 17 minutes.
Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray.
Gray, 25, died from spinal injuries about a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries.
Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone.
Opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall.
Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it.
Hundreds of Yazidi girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by ISIS last year, and have since been held as sex slaves in the Islamic State.
Some victims have returned after falling pregnant by their captors.
Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity' on the victims.
The young girls, some barely teenagers, are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.
AP McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday.
Mr Mole will be McCoy’s last ride in a Grade One race.
His book of rides for his final day as a professional jockey will not be finalised until Friday morning.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner.
Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess.
Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags, and it can send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
O'Shae Smith told Judge Lila Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood', she had no problem telling him the area didn't actually belong to him.
'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood', Statom began, referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place.
Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere'
Smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond.
Australian TV presenter Sophie Falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles since before the Kardashians began Instagramming it.
Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure.
Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food.
The pictures were taken over a four month period from April to July last year across Asia.
Mr Gable is already working on a new related project documenting corn production and after that, he plans to do a similar investigation of wheat.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday.
Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California.
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe.
The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar.
He said he drove it at 180mph in a 40mph zone on Isle of Man TT course.
Mr Martin said he was'revving with excitement' when he saw the speedometer.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy.
There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants.
The FA are in a tricky position because they are getting hammered by travelling fans at every away game for the ‘two caps for Wembley’ loyalty scheme.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm.
Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat, however police have not commented on the cause of death.
The fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house.
He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot.
Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
Tom O'Carroll attended a Hacked Off rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25.
Former Open University information officer was formerly a key activist for PIE.
PIE was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed.
Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with Ms Ripa along with a host of other stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour.
His colleague, Dr Robert Anolik, who worked with Brandt at his practice, posted a moving tribute on Monday.
Supermodel Liya Kebede has been making news as the first black woman to grace Vogue Paris' cover in five years.
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy on Saturday.
Police were called to Union St dairy after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the dairy owner's daughter.
The masked man threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till drawer and up to $1,500.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart condition before she was born.
She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday - and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
Doctors warned that each pregnancy could have placed extra strain on her heart.
But she defied the odds and is now determined to make as many memories as possible with her family and get married in February next year.
Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF) will examine thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world.
Sceptics argue that the effect of such adjustments is usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards, and to increase recent readings.
The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk.
The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire yesterday.
The 68-year-old former US President says he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
In an interview with Town & Country Magazine, the former President said he should take a more backstage role if his wife, Hillary, decides to run for President.
Mrs Clinton is expected to officially announce her presidential bid within the next two weeks.
Mr Clinton's role in his wife's 2008 campaign was reportedly a source of great tension in the Clinton camp.
A new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering US$1 billion a year in China.
This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
'Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking’ will show how researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour - began to uncover the gory details.
The damning evidence they uncovered suggests that tens of thousands of innocent people have
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development.
They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to form the lip and petals.
Lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them.
This is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers, by promoting reproduction.
Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl.
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland in New York City on Wednesday.
The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks, attending rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina’s birthday earlier this week.
New York Magazine called the show 'badly written' and 'frustrating,' while the New York Times said the production is 'largely made up of empty calories'
The copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago.
Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC.
They say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage.
The find suggests that the village of Saltford, where it was found, was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Bernadette Forde was found dead in her wheelchair in Dublin in June 2011.
The 51-year-old's carer, Gail O'Rorke, has pleaded not guilty to three charges.
She is accused of helping Ms Forde travel to Switzerland for an assisted suicide.
Ms Forde, from Donnybrook, said her plan to die was'me, totally me, and nobody else'
She said: 'I knew what I wanted to do. I just can't live with this anymore'
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American.
The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
The teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands.
A 39-year-old man has also been held on suspicion of fundraising.
All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station.
West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help identifying would-be terrorists.
Colin Hendry, 49, admitted drink driving in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire.
He was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a cocktail bar.
His lawyer Gwyn Lewis told Blackpool Magistrates' Court that Hendry's current income was'meagre' and he asked for extra time for his client to pay fines and costs until he can start taking his offshore pension.
James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability.
The Manchester United striker has scored one Premier League goal this season.
Rooney practices his free-kicks every day, and often hits the target.
University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy.
By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock.
He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes.
And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Three dogs - a Husky called Sky, Sadie and a Springer Spaniel called Marshall - take their positions on their make-shift stage in Bahama, North Carolina.
The trio begin barking and then rests their muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something – Sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
Photographer Olga Barantseva, who captured the images, said she wanted to'show the natural harmony between humans and bears'
She said: 'We all need to live side-by-side in harmony and not hunt our fellow citizens'
Images capture to work of Japan's 'lonely death' squads, who specialise is clearing out properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families.
Taken in the capital Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his Sheffield Hallam constituency.
Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent.
Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance.
But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it.
The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007.
Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his front foot is far too open.
Scottish First Minister talked up chances of being Westminster's king-maker.
Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with resurgent Nationalists.
But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table, Ms Sturgeon said.
Comments come just days after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's Budget'
Swansea host Newcastle United at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon.
The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games under manager John Carver.
Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by any supporters' protests.
People paying £150 a week to live in flats in Mayfair and Covent Garden.
They are owned by housing associations and are now worth millions of pounds.
People living in these plush properties could get discounts of up to £102,000.
Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved.
The 24-year-old has had his citizenship change ratified.
Cook has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday night.
The Reds lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.
Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth in the Premier League table.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws.
Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster.
SsangYong is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle.
Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions.
It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or 'intelligent' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range.
Eni Mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver six months after she befriended David Marshall while out jogging.
Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he stormed her house Stoke-on-Trent in November last year to butcher her with a kitchen knife.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival.
The 39-year-old kayaker was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday.
Mr Baggaley's barrister, Nikolaos Siafakas, disputed that his client assaulted an officer.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with Reading drew 6.9 million viewers.
Premier League purposely chose to broadcast fixtures involving top-four clubs on semi-finals days.
Luke Shaw, who has had weight problems since joining Manchester United, enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts will be moved to Saturday, May 2.
The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live.
Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots.
Iraqi officials said Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri had died in fighting with government troops on Friday.
Today, his body was returned to Baghdad and delivered to the Ministry of Health.
He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS.
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in Romania with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she believed she was in labour.
As a result, medics at Botosani County Hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child.
But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all.
Instead, she was actually carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday.
The ring has what appears to be a family crest engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’
Ms Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into forced marriage.
She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors.
But local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family.
Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday on February 14, 1998.
The expectation surrounding Owen escalated, and the intro for the next day's report in the Liverpool Echo said it all: 'Brazil have Ronaldo. Liverpool, and now England, have Michael Owen'
Kane has matched Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season - with eight games to spare.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall.
He chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair.
Keeley launched chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her.
Barristers had to step in to break the pair up at Lincoln County Court.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester despite his injury troubles.
The flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers' victory over Newcastle last month.
Croft missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals.
Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine.
The 25-1 shot is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize.
In the process ended his trainer Oliver Sherwood’s wretched record in the race.
Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths.
The schoolchildren, from years three to six, had been due to visit cathedral before taking a tour of the mosque and observing a congregational prayer.
However, about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week's school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to 'violence and guns'
Sally Cox, 39, a self-employed cleaner from Lerryn, Cornwall, has also blocked her son Jed
Antoni van Leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment.
He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days.
Another great Dutchman, Johannes Vermeer, was intent on his own more genteel studies in his house on the opposite side of Delft’s market square.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband Vili Fualaau, 31, have spoken to Barbara Walters in an interview that will air on 20/20 on Friday.
The pair first met when she was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and she was his teacher.
After she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together.
She also has four children from a previous marriage.
Emirates and Etihad Airways were traveling in opposite directions between the Gulf and the island nation of Seychelles on Monday.
A Resolution Advisory (RA) was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds.
Both carriers insist safety was never compromised.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams.
The 33-year-old had accused her of having an affair with her partner.
Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at Dawdon Cricket Club.
She left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear.
Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Josh Meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from Leigh Griffiths with his hand.
FIFA's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension is wrong.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW.
The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
The 450kg beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival in Yining County in north Xinjiang.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom.
Jemima says she needed her boyfriend's help to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia.
The unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel, to be broadcast tonight, came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras.
It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a BBC profile, again for an interview on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, a third time for a campaign visit in Blackpool over Easter, and again this evening on ITV.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final.
Jason Wilcox is aiming to emulate Manchester United's Class of '92.
Wilcox was let go by his current employers as a teenager.
San Antonio Spurs beat Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday.
Kawhi Leonard scored a career-best 26 points and set a new career-high with seven steals.
San Antonio also extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight, dating back to 1997.
LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, took chase in December 2012 when Steven Gaydos ran a stop sign near Houston.
Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license.
Martinez pulled alongside Gaydos and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the motorcyclist once in the thigh.
The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez.
Researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes.
Nearly half (345) underwent oophorectomy after their diagnosis.
The 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4 per cent.
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check.
John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'
About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) - a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration.
Pregnant women with HG are more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders, a study claims.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, allegedly shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said.
Their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match.
He is said to have been outraged over her uncle's dithering over the marriage.
The 41-year-old accessorised her skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt with a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500.
A dog belonging to a Brazilian drugs gang has proved that learning to drop and roll is not just for humans.
The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi.
His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims.
Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan but their cases have made little progress in five years.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions.
It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour’s reliance on militant boss Len McCluskey.
Tory donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign.
Jared Quirk, 18, died on Friday in Athens, Greece, while walking with friends.
Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football at Rockland High School, died a hospital in the Greek capital after being taken there by ambulance.
His death follows that of Joshua Rose, 17, who died suddenly on October 1 for reasons which were not explained in depth.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles.
Martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative'
Psychology expert Ramani Durvasula, a clinical psychologist in Santa Monica, California, said that shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples.
She revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture that she decided to include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago.
What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened.
This is known as the giant impact hypothesis.
In one theory, a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said that Theia with Earth was so violent, the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon.
James Rodriguez opens the scoring for Real Madrid in the 39th minute.
Cristiano Ronaldo makes it 2-0 in the second half.
Almeria have won two out of their last three games against Real.
Carlo Ancelotti has made nine changes to his side.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday.
The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a pedestrian.
Saints midfielder Victor Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger.
The 23-year-old joined Southampton from Celtic for £12.5million in 2013.
Wanyama has also been linked with a reunion with Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham.
Eligah Christian, 49, was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars.
Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla.
He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
Radamel Falcao is on loan at Manchester United from Monaco.
The striker has scored just four goals for the Red Devils this season.
United chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford are set to compete at the Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games at the Olympic Stadium.
All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis.
The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty.
Rudd, who has lived in Tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last November when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs posed for a picture with Tyga.
Rapper Tyga has been in the headlines for dating youngest Kardashian sister Kylie Jenner.
The Rack City rapper appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to Arsenal.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'
He said that Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact.
Corey Edwards was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect at the age of seven months.
The five-year-old has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
Craig and Jemma Edwards decided to marry at Bristol Children's Hospital.
They had been engaged for three years but had to get permission from Archbishop of Canterbury.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City need to be bold and take on UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations.
The former Manchester United defender believes a star player will always choose City last if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the Premier League.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him with Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices.
Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album.
Each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears.
All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete the photos they took themselves.
Flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film The Hangover.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses.
The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals.
Because males, which grow up to 20 inches (50cm) long, are fiercely territorial, their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away.
Photographer Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter.
In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic that would make western country's peak hours look tame.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Brendan Rodgers admitted his side have to do better in the big games.
Liverpool have not won a trophy since 1956-1959.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside.
Girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter.
Another one of her posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded and she said that'secular materialists (are) making our country so weak we cannot fight the dictatorship of Militant Islam'
Mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
Staff helped them cross the busy high street en-route to the recruitment office.
But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office.
Restaurateurs in Italy are angry with the US corporation for attacking their cultural diet.
They have said they will take them to court.
Advert appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita.
Patrick Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter.
He was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say.
Fredricksen has been booked into Emery County Jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning, and one person was later arrested in connection with the grisly discovery.
All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said.
During a news conference police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but provided no details.
The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms.
Many were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line.
A 4WD has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west, just before 4pm on Wednesday.
Police believe that all children are under the age of six.
One child who died in hospital was aged seven.
Another child, who died en route to the Royal Children's Hospital, was aged one and a half.
The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital.
Adrian Schaffner brought his dog Sintha along for a day of skiing.
The Appenzeller mix appears to be entirely at ease as it sits on his shoulders.
After a long ski to the bottom, the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground.
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft into hollowed-out cottonwood tree in 2011.
She was playing with her sisters Abigail, 14, and Adelynn, 10, when she fell.
Doctors told her relieved parents: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her'
In the days following the accident, Annabel began to talk of religious visions she experienced while lying unconscious.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour.
Zlaaatan.com has an identical house style to Google and operates just like the search engine.
The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
Guy Mowbray's notes for Liverpool vs Newcastle were posted on Twitter.
The BBC Radio 5 Live commentator correctly predicted the starting line-ups.
However, he incorrectly predicted Jordan Ibe would make his first Liverpool start.
Jordan Ibe was born on Raheem Sterling's first birthday.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students.
The mother of three was told during the sentencing on Friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life.
Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan.
If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
In court on Friday, the judge told Hansen: 'You're a mother yourself. It's beyond me to understand your behavior
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road.
The firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of Northampton.
If results are positive, a pilot could see underground pipelines installed to transport goods.
Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment.
Now, experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for us - despite our constant attempts to remove it.
Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011.
It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position.
If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically.
Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu.
Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face, the screen automatically unlocks.
This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen.
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their tour match.
Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out before England declared with 320 lead.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for a work out.
Gary Ballance looked out of touch, the only real problem for England.
Aaronessa Keaton was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child.
Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014.
One of the children later died from their injuries.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year.
He was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams.
His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing.
They have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the Australian Red Cross.
Chinese tourists spent $164 billion on foreign trips last year.
Police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday.
Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors.
Several other firemen then enter the scene and Murphy moves with them upstairs.
Wearing smoke masks, they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways.
In order to hear each other, they shout loudly to one another and use radios to communicate to a second team of firemen with the truck outside.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, had emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis on January 26th.
Had to have her colon removed and an ileostomy bag fitted into her small intestine.
Now she has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma (a surgically created opening in the abdomen) and a bag.
Writing on her blog morethanyourbag.com, Hattie opens up about life after undergoing emergency surgery.
Sign has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place, Cambridge.
It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if left behind.
Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Heather Mack, 19.
Sheallegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack.
Mack is accused of stuffing her body in a suitcase, together with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21.
A blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
Yaphet Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die.
He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor.
Kotto said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct'
His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba is in the running to be named as Daniel Craig's successor.
An unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.
Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake.
The plug in question was from a sanitised ice bath that is used to wash lettuce and tomatoes.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police.
The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues.
Tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race.
Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night when his mate blasted his back open.
'All of a sudden I heard this whack and the sound of a gun shot,' he said.
Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy.
This energy is used throughout the day, and stored for when the sun sets.
Rather than selling this excess electricity to the grid, homeowners can use their stored supply for power until the sun rises again.
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in direct criticism of Tehran's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters.
Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman.
Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival.
Store owner Eve Cope accused officers of giving a 'green light' to shoplifters.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday reminding DOJ employees not to solicit prostitutes.
His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.
Ed Balls refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax if Labour form the next government.
He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax.
Businesses are already concerned about Labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax – paid by all large firms on their profits – as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
Orlando City travel to Portland Timbers on Sunday in the Eastern Conference.
Kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season against DC United last Friday.
The former AC Milan midfielder posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram.
Army Major John and Carolyn Jackson are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children over a period of years.
The Jacksons were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City, when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010.
Man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas.
Quakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Khim Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers.
HAN features brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad.
The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the American south.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired into crowd in College Park, Georgia.
One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks; another hit her 15-year old son, Pierre.
Pierre had apparently been trying to protect sister, 13, from the other boy.
When first responders arrived at scene, Pierre was lying unconscious on floor.
He was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, it is alleged.
Tilson arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault.
She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
200-year-old book of poetry gifted to George III and letters from Rear Admiral Sir Samuel Hood among trove of documents released by royal archive yesterday.
Collection amassed by George III, which has been under lock and key for 200 years, has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch.
Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty admired the poems.
Other documents shown to the Queen touch on some of the most important events in history, among them the American War of Independence.
Chris Hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on Leicester forward Laurence Pearce.
The Tongan number eight had been warned in the past over his ill-discipline.
Leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East.
British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors.
Now living abroad, John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs.
Uber driver Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the driver’s vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood of Logan Square.
The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds, striking him multiple times.
Police have not yet released a motive for Everado's shooting.
Kristina Schake, 45, has worked as chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA for the past two years.
Has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image.
She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from strong and knowledgeable figure into softer, more accessible one, according to the New York Times.
Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms.
The new observations, taken by the European Space Agency, reveal many new details — including a previously unseen jet from a young star.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde, a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid.
Now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
More than four million people will be stuck on hospital waiting lists.
A further 20 million unable to get a doctor's appointment within a week if Tories are re-elected.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham made stark warning this morning.
Said NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of Tories in government.
Corporal Mark Donaldson VC is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers.
He was one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan.
Four years earlier he had been ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry.
Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter, while under heavy machine gun fire for a large group of insurgents.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom property in Glasgow for £780,700 in December 2011.
She spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse, described by estate agents as an 'outstanding interior designed luxury home'
It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room.
Each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms has been kitted out with lavish headboards, sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season.
The Spaniard guided Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005.
Benitez has been linked with a return to England with Manchester City.
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head during derby.
The Danish FA found Agger guilty of violent conduct.
Agger rejoined Brondby from Liverpool last August.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal.
Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
The 25-year-old offered her money to spend the night with him - which she declined - and then accepted a £30,000 offer from a newspaper to sell her story.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman.
The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria.
Diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year.
He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months.
The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people.
Mr Bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but, if the iceberg were to flip, he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air.
His mobile home will be designed by aeronautical engineer Julian Sharpe, founder of Survival Capsule, whose creations were originally intended to be used in disaster
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence.
The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
Chelsea take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday.
Adi Viveash's side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on Friday.
Chelsea will start as favourites in Nyon, Switzerland.
Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Adidas Ultra Boost trainers go on sale for £130 ahead of the London Marathon.
Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday)
The trainers come in black with purple embellishment for both men and women and are made using adidas Primeknit fabric which is said to 'allow the natural expansion of any foot shape'
Boeing 747-8 is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built, with the price tag believed to have reached £400million.
It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen.
More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck of the vessel, with eight full beds.
Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for $126,594 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012.
The jeans designer previously went into administration in 2011 but was briefly revived by a deal with the Apparel Group, which turned sour.
'I lost my entire business,' Liano told DMA.
Danila Kislitsyn said strays were a threat to people and needed to be wiped out.
31-year-old would travel around Vladivostok using poisoned sausages.
He would sometimes kill as many as a dozen dogs a day in the south-eastern city.
Animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina sentenced him to pay just £200.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300.
George at Asda has created its 'luxury christening range' just in time for the birth of the royal baby.
Gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price.
Michael Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit.
Asked on BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm there would be 'no more changes'
He said: 'We're not going to hit disabled. We're going to protect people who are pensioners'
Melbourne mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel.
When she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby Isla, she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘over 18s only’
Stacy Maitai's son Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
The 28-year-old has been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as Pallister Killian Syndrome (PKS)
The condition is often undiagnosed during pregnancy and is identified at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complications such as congenital heart defects.
She is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen.
About 15 to 20 cases of PKS are known to be in Australia.
Dustin Johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round.
But he couldn't lay a finger on Jordan Spieth at Augusta National.
The 21-year-old set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par.
Johnson will start the third round seven behind fellow American Charley Hoffman.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the Par-3 Contest at Augusta.
The One Direction singer fell while carrying the Northern Irish golfer's clubs.
Horan shared a photo on social media of him and McIlory before the pair headed out onto the course.
McIlroy shot a one-under-par round on the par-three course on Wednesday.
Trinity Culley watched One Born Every Minute against her parents' wishes.
Her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule and she went into labour.
The 10-year-old calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay.
Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'
The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon.
When the camera pans back to the 20-year-old, he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep.
Sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United.
Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy.
He put his hand inside the machine's hatch when he reached too far.
But he slipped under the trap door and was trapped inside for half an hour.
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him.
In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict.
Williams, 48, says Taylor shouted, 'I'm going to get you mother*******'
Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraugo, 29, spoke out on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday.
Says she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr were involved in a war of words at a London press conference on Thursday.
The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29.
Saunders handed his rival his first career defeat.
Now the duo are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'
His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate.
The rate applied to income over £150,000 and Labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected.
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013.
Friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity.
She also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother.
Well-wishers sent $5,000 towards her'medical expenses'
A further $2,000 was raised for Meaghan at a bowling alley event.
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'celebrity whisperer'
Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.
The former Lib Dem councillor used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Some clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr Michael Davidson, was shot dead by a patient's son.
Davidson and his wife Terri Halperin have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two.
Stephen Pasceri, 55, killed Davidson at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital January 20.
Pasceri's family have said they can't understand why he snapped, but they believe he could have been wanting revenge on Dr. Davidson after his mother, Marguerite, died last fall.
Amy Johnson, from Sydney, said outside court on Thursday: 'We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups'
The 38-year-old mother was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17.
She allegedly got out of the car and entered the store yelling at the teenager.
Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall.
He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay.
Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs.
George Kirby and Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988.
Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children.
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28.
Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen.
Two weeks on from the horrific incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page.
It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban'
The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation.
Bergdahl disappeared in June, 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban.
He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress
Veronica 'Roni' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble.
Four were killed instantly in the collision.
Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Eagles Palace is 90 minutes' drive from the airport at Thessaloniki.
Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool.
Dozens of workers at Mauritius factory have been sacked and deported.
Workers were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions.
They were protesting over conditions at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile (CMT) factory.
Jordan Spieth held his nerve in Sunday's final round to win the Masters.
He matched Tiger Woods' record of an 18-under 270 and finished four shots clear.
The 21-year-old admitted that despite never giving up the lead, he was still a bag of nerves as he looked to hold off the attentions of two major champions in the form of Phil Mickelson and Justin Rose.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets, with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins.
Sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times since February when the megafight, which took five years to arrange, was confirmed.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on Sunday.
Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal's website.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms, while fights broke out between fans on the running track.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday.
That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall.
He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes said it was a political protest.
Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin.
Gulnaz's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried and a Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force'
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected.
A few weeks after having the weave, she developed painful boils.
Miss Campbell spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages.
Barry Hearn has dismissed rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament.
There is interest from China in hosting the event.
Hearn revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council and broadcast partner the BBC.
Luke Shambrook has been reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne.
The 11-year-old autistic boy went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday.
He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road, 3km from the campsite.
Doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he had gone without food and water for so long.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders.
The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Last month, Lt Col Robert Hite, one of the three remaining Tokyo Doolittle Raiders, died after a battle with Alzheimer's disease.
Firefighter Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain.
In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week.
The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger'
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops.
It comes as a special magazine supplement from Philosphie focused in the Koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the French satirical magazine and a Jewish supermarket, which left 17 dead.
Arsene Wenger won the Premier League Manager of the Month award in March.
It was Wenger's 14th win at the club and the same as Sir Alex Ferguson.
Ferguson won 27 monthly prizes in all, including one for February 1997.
Wenger's win means Arsenal now have 14 overall, same as Liverpool.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage.
The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago.
Mr Fraser said it's what his father would have wanted.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat.
Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago.
The revelation comes after the 34-year-old earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Paul Pogba has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain this summer.
But Juventus director Pavel Nedved insists the midfielder will not be moving.
Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police.
Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, of Crystal Springs was given five years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old Jackson, Mississippi man James Craig Anderson.
Both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over Anderson in June 2011.
Anderson died after being beaten and run over.
Pietro Boselli, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths teacher at University College London (UCL)
He says that he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from his colleagues and students at the university.
The Italian model, who has a PHD, is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy.
His looks have seen him amass a following of nearly half a million users on Instagram.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012.
He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system.
Intensive Care Unit clinical consultant Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from a paddle board, as the boy's mother Tara Rae-Maxwell had previously claimed.
Darcy had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London.
He emailed wardens posing as court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'
It allowed him to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year.
Judge described escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US.
Racism is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddles the upper Northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Appalachian Mountains.
The map based its results on Google search data – a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama's electoral chances.
Brian Bayers was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house.
When he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck.
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis.
She died last month after stepping in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland.
Fuller has written about how her illness, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s, led to her suicide.
In 2004, the pair collaborated on a parenting guide based on Natalie being totally honest with her mother.
First time since records began that sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row.
Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
The figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on N'Golo Kante.
Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old.
Kante has similarities with Lassana Diarra and Claude Makelele.
Poppy Moore wed Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with 12 loved ones.
Bride wore knee-length white dress and carried bouquet of white roses.
Brooke Geherman, from Alberta, Canada, posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks last week.
Mr Le Pen repeated his claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history'
He also praised France’s wartime leader Marshal Petain, who collaborated with Hitler.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston.
Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her.
In an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted'
She then described her late boyfriend of one year as 'vain' about his looks.
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting.
But the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media.
Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body.
One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year.
The Dutchman has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to health.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team at the Tour de Yorkshire.
The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix.
Wiggins was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race.
Kayla Mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Danbury, Connecticut.
She turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday and has been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor.
Massimo Cellino has claimed that Red Bull have launched a bid to buy Leeds United.
Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification.
Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer from Red Bull.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month.
Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria.
But Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara.
The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs.
Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza.
Dropped from a size 22 to a size 10/12 in less than two years.
Britt McHenry has been reinstated as an ESPN sports reporter after being filmed attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.
Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend.
Australian prices are at 112 per cent of the US, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $US1.
Our public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America.
A monthly gym membership in Sydney and Melbourne are nearly half the cost of New York prices.
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag.
Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee.
They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give this year's graduates.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final first-leg.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira were in attendance.
City have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben, now four, born when he was 73.
Peter, his daughter Rosabella and Claire, 52, have had a second child, Poppy.
It has just been announced that 74-year-old Peter and Bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter.
The profanity-laced comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl' who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier.
He is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest, California to ‘Sweden’
The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on the usual stereotypes about US tourists.
The actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como.
Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source.
It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy.
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
Vivienne Garton, 65, has been left devastated after her dog was stolen.
West Highland terrier Ben was snatched from her garden in Knowle West, Bristol.
Mrs Garton put up posters near her home but received two phone calls.
The caller said he would cut up the dog unless she paid £500.
Disturbing images taken at the execution site in Ghanzi, eastern Afghanistan.
Men, women and children were seen huddled together on fringe of the site.
They were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery in the province.
Hundreds of locals had gathered to witness the public killings earlier today.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm)
Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem.
Darron Gibson is a doubt but Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar are back in contention.
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'
The Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age.
De Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley, the super-rich tech enclave in northern California.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board.
Downton made the big call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach.
The ECB want to 'create a culture' in which captain Alastair Cook had 'the full support of all players'
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18.
His older, teenage brother, Christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective.
The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication.
The Apple Watch went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours.
A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch.
They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch.
Other key features missing, include an independent internet connection (the watch relies on an iPhone for data), GPS and water-proofing was also an issue.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night who will be reunited with the animal on April 28 when she returns from traveling.
The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church.
Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper, 51.
Just two years after Fusilier Rigby was hacked to death in Woolwich, south-east London.
Miss West formed a close bond with Major Draper, who was a mourner at her fiance's funeral.
Andrew Getty, 47, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune.
Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesn’t bring you happiness.
Thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures are washing up across Oregon, California and Washington this spring.
They have a small blue sail on top of their bodies, which means they are easily blown to shore.
The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van.
Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Hundreds of residents took to the streets of West Baltimore on Tuesday evening to protest the police force in Gray's name.
Fred Hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour.
Enid Hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man.
But she discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been beaten.
Alan Rogers, 73, was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released.
His sister Betty Elston was murdered on a beach in Sully in 1971.
The boy, dressed in full combat gear, launched a series of missiles at officers.
He raced back to safety after launching his own attack on them.
Violence erupted during a rally to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup.
Bouchard has struggled recently, this time slumping to her fourth defeat in six matches.
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood.
The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries.
It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media.
Since then, the cat has undergone two surgeries - the first to repair the top part of his mouth and a following surgery for his broken leg.
Ronald Koeman spoke to Victor Wanyama and his other players to refocus them on the last five league games.
Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon.
They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief.
The Obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with Iran.
West Ham have announced a five-year multi-million pound kit deal with Umbro.
The Hammers join Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers.
Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
England were dressed by Umbro when Bobby Moore lifted the World Cup in 1966.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo.
The 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Trainer Charlie Hills said the French Guineas was an option for his colt.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014.
Selby will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday.
Maflin is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions.
Ed Miliband will today pledge to'restore Britain's commitment' to EU.
He will accuse David Cameron of 'taking Britain to the edge of exit'
But he will pledge to embrace the EU in a bid to secure reforms.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote.
Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament.
A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay by 1% with Labour’s Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from.
But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
The technique is based on the concept of DNA methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns various genes on and off.
Environmental factors alter the methylation status of DNA, changing the way it works.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 in the NBA's Southwest Division.
Spurs moved onto tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat of the season.
No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance.
Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air.
With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizona’s Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect.
Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped.
Richie Benaud, 84, has passed away after a battle with skin cancer.
The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form.
His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word.
'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
David Villa rang the New York Stock Exchange opening bell on Monday.
The 33-year-old joined the newly formed MLS outfit this season.
Villa joined New York City FC from Atletico Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia.
Lucy Garrod, 27, had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems.
But one day she woke up with an itchy and irritable right eye.
She feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree.
So she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours.
Tests show Avastin gives women around four months’ extra life.
The drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators.
Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF)
It has been available in England via the CDF since last March pending licensing.
Salvina Formosa has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
The 101-year-old has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking.
Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health's program, which began in 2012.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in Texas.
His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to his death.
Says there was no depression, no signs or anything prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs.
Actor Ray Romano, 57, who worked with Sawyer for nine years, said he was 'terribly saddened, by the news'
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide - known as 'hippy crack'
The 20-year-old is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday and will be reminded of his professional responsibilities.
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassed by Anne Greatrex.
Anne cancelled their nuptials using a fake email address just weeks before the big day.
The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies, which airs tonight.
Prince Harry arrived in Wuggubun, Western Australia, on Monday.
The prince began a month-long secondment to the Australian Defence Force.
He spent an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise.
His first act upon arriving in Australia was to visit the tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Alessandra Ambrosio stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti.
Mother-of-two stars in sexy street-style fashion shot in São Paulo.
The terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa.
Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course', it was reported by anti-ISIS informants in the city.
Those who pass will be released immediately and those who don't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday.
The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months.
Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade.
If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Absolutely not.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on.
The England skipper left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him.
But the ball just lacked pace and he was through the shot too early.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm.
He will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court.
Patrick Lyttle was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross on January 3.
The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'
Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus.
An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week.
Claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents.
Said Norway needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding.
Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive, based on the laws of conservation of energy seen on Earth.
He calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - the median weight of a polar bear.
The calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity.
Noah Thomas, 5, was last seen watching cartoons March 22 at his parents' home in Dublin, Virginia.
His body was found in a septic tank near the family home March 26.
Ashley White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect.
The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with 'virus of racism', says Chuka Umunna.
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' following remarks last about 'fully black' and 'half black' Ukip supporters.
Ukip leader dragged into fresh racism storm after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through the remote Madidi national park.
She had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world.
Her grief-stricken parents said they were left having to choose a burial plot.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online.
He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury.
Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home.
He had three children - Santiago, Enrique, and Samaya – aged between 4 and 9.
Psychiatrist Professor David Healy said the myth that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact.
He suggested that the success of SSRI drugs was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’
The emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting (SSRI) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression.
Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm during an off-the-ball scrap on Tuesday night.
The Real Madrid defender denied the claims.
Mandzukaic suffered a cut on his eye after a clash with Sergio Ramos.
Atletico Madrid travel to Galicia to face Deportivo this weekend.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled.
Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover.
North Korea may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year.
Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
Experts at Johns Hopkins University presented three scenarios for North Korea's nuclear capability, predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR.
Harry Kane and Danny Welbeck are also ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order.
Austin scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, is a managing director at Angelo Gordon & Co.
The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday.
The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds.
Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside local al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front, the Times has revealed.
Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities.
Maajid Nawaz was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light in Virginia on January 10.
They claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car.
Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrived as he is a minor.
His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby out for the first time in March 2013.
In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty.
The White House was stalling for time on Wednesday as talks with Iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime.
President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators.
But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made'
Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries participating in the Switzerland-based discussions in were on the verge of making a deal as French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius rushed back to
Esther McVey has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the'scurrilous' campaign against her.
She won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436.
The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals.
Tim Sherwood took over from Daniel Levy at Aston Villa on Saturday.
Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season.
He brought in Mauricio Pochettino, ending Sherwood's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,600 Tweets supporting ISIS in less than a year.
The 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to encouraging terrorism.
She could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences.
Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population.
About 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis.
Ben Flower said that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia every day.
The Wigan Warriors forward was handed a six-month ban for the attack.
Flower was the first man to be sent off in the Super League Grand Final.
Almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as their third coach of the season.
Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
The 43-year-old made 53 international appearances for Spain between 1998 and 2004.
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in May 2014.
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
But the Waukesha County circuit judge said she was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone.
Nicky Morgan said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader.
David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives.
But he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing a Melbourne park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph.
He posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton.
Mr Norton, who has been researching his family history for 'a very long time' says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered.
Frederick never joined the army because he lost two fingers 'blowing up fish' before the war.
The lost medal is instead thought to have belonged to his brother, Lewis 'Bunny'
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered site she had set up for ex-boyfriend Sean Meade, 45.
Claimed he had been unfaithful and changed site to shame him.
Visitors to Top of the World Roofing website are told it has 'ceased trading'
Mr Meade said: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life. If that's what someone wants to do'
Sammy Griner, from Jacksonville, Florida, has become the internet's most positive meme.
His mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications.
By Tuesday afternoon, the page had raised more than $38,000 of the goal.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight.
Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'
The findings come in the wake of a European court case on behalf of 25st childminder Karsten Kaltoft, 50, who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in Denmark in 2010 for being too fat.
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by Liverpool fans.
The 20-year-old has not signed a lucrative new contract with the club.
Sterling's ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked.
His character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age.
Marysia is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer Marysia Dobrzanska Reeves in 2009.
A new study by independent political magazine Mother Jones determined that taxpayers fork out $229 billion annually because of shootings.
That figure is more than Apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic, which is $224 billion.
At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years.
AC Milan and Inter Milan met in the Champions League quarter-final in 2005.
The Milan derby was widely remembered for the chaotic scenes in which Brazilian goalkeeper Dida was knocked to the ground by a flare.
Milan are 15 points off Champions League pace in ninth and Inter are a point and place further behind.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating the scam.
Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were stolen.
Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent.
Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways.
But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits and mandatory 'equality and diversity lessons' at school.
Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith said the Trussell Trust's figures were 'unverified'
He insisted the best way to help families was to get people into work.
The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking'
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to Rwandan media in run-up to 1994 genocide and by Nazis in 1930s.
He said the April 17 article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism that is characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of EU countries'
EmbryoScope technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life.
Images show the first cell division in the creation of their IVF baby, Pixie.
A tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process.
It also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone.
Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air.
Mr Chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today'
Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham, south east London.
She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house.
Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bulling.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas.
Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Jose Mourinho has revealed that he talks to God every day but never about football.
The Chelsea manager said that he and his family 'know about poverty'
Mourinho said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about Chelsea.
Ashton Wood launched an online campaign to help him destroy his brand new $49,000 Jeep Cherokee.
He raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it.
During a failed settlement between the manufacturer, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Jeep, and Mr Wood, one of the requests was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an 'apology' in a national publication.
However, because no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Mr Wood
Daily Mirror published pictures 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them.
Claims it handed them to police, who were 'delighted', according to report today.
But yesterday detectives insisted they already had CCTV footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity'
This is in stark contrast with response given to MailOnline hours before.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
But he is facing opposition from the Premier League.
The FA chairman wants to change the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21.
Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke.
Marseille came from 2-1 down to go 3-2 ahead after half an hour.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later.
Dale Forrest would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone.
The bank teller decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends.
In December 2013 he decided to ditch the booze, give up fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym.
Dale has lost 10.5 stone and is taking part in a charity boxing match.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin.
The unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers.
Despite this, the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment.
There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was'substantially damaged'
Virginia’s Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules.
Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England after top order collapse in Antigua.
Joe Root and Ben Stokes put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England's top order collapsed.
The last time England played a Test at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium, in 2009, it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield.
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb has hit out at the Modern Family star, claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together.
'I created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction, because I have always dreamed of being a father,' Loeb said.
The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos.
Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin.
Marseille will listen to offers for the 22-year-old winger in the summer.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move.
Faris Al-Khori had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard.
The equipment was found by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Firefighters forced entry to a flat registered to the 62-year-old and found jars containing various powders.
Castor beans, which can be used to make ricin, were also found.
Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round India in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament's eighth edition.
The final takes place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on May 24.
MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings are the most successful team in IPL history.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights.
Norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
She has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months.
Robin van Persie has been out with an ankle ligament injury for six weeks.
The Manchester United striker has scored 10 goals this season.
Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in the Dutchman.
Real Madrid, PSG and Barcelona are also in the market.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a fence on Saturday.
Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.and the district issued a statement announcing the status of Smith's employment.
The puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old.
Holidaymakers on the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday.
By the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
Over 1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid.
The creatures were found at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram this week.
The 29-year-old model is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
She said: 'Bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Stretchies say hi!'
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April.
He defrauded the taxman of £450,000 and hid his wealth in the UK.
His nine-year scam was exposed when police raided his Birmingham home.
They discovered plans for his own £2.3million mansion in Pakistan.
Sampdoria drew 1-1 with Verona in Serie A on Wednesday night.
Pedro Obiang was capped at youth level by Spain.
The 23-year-old is available for around £6million.
Kurt Zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or.
The 20-year-old joined Chelsea from Ligue 1 outfit Saint-Etienne in January 2014.
Zouma hopes to emulate former club captain Marcel Desailly.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night.
Wigan Warriors forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final.
The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose.
The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate.
Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013.
Georgia Davis, 22, had to be removed from her home in Aberdare, south Wales.
She has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life.
At the height of the operation yesterday, there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property.
French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 children.
She decided to expand her family further after youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister'
Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to Freya in 2008 when she was 57.
Now aged 64, she said 'in a way' she thinks Annegret is'selfish' for having more babies.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts.
It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus.
The firm also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it.
Users will need to install the Android Device Manager (ADM) app if they want these features.
The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964.
It related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London used by paedophiles.
Savile was known to frequent the brothel in the 1970s.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin.
It owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught.
The hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother.
Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
Lapointe was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his weakly arms raised in the air.
In lieu of his prison jumpsuit, he opted for a dark T-shirt over a dress shirt emblazoned with the words 'I didn't do it'
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Andy Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today.
Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal.
Murray leant towards the photographer with visible concern after the incident, until he was ushered away by his security team.
Darren Bent joined Derby on loan from Aston Villa in January.
The 31-year-old has scored nine goals in 13 games for the Rams.
Tim Sherwood is now in charge of the Championship promotion hopefuls.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes spent eight hours watching the Colima volcano in Mexico as it erupted.
The 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano is one of the most active volcanoes in Mexico.
It has erupted around 40 times since its first recorded activity in 1576.
Marianne Power attended Robbins’ Unleash The Power Within seminar.
It claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’
The mood is tribal. I feel as if we’re on our way to a ritual killing. Maybe our own.
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her and threw a toaster at her, a court was told.
District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'
Despite this, she told him to go on a relationship course instead of jail.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks.
Butler was at his best down the stretch, scoring 14 points in the fourth quarter.
Khris Middleton led the sixth-seeded Bucks with 22 points, and Michael Carter-Williams scored 12.
Game three is Thursday at Milwaukee.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer.
Gomes has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Amanda Taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old Charles Taylor.
Police say Taylor, of Blacksburg, Virginia, killed her ex-husband Rex Taylor, 59, in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, Rex.
Taylor's suspected partner, Sean Ball, 32, who is also facing charges in Charles Taylor's death, was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season.
Derby have begun the process of identifying candidates for the job.
Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren.
CLICK HERE for all the latest Derby County news.
Hannover have gone 13 games without a win this season.
Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor.
The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Korkut's departure follows a 4-0 loss to Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio.
He was introduced to Humpty, a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles.
On the first day of the election campaign, he rushed from a meeting with the Queen at Buckingham Palace to a wildlife sanctuary in Solihull.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison.
The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior.
At the time of his release, Xue was the only American citizen serving a sentence in a Chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
Pictures show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark off Heron Island in Queensland, Australia.
It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Former U.S. Army General avoided jail time at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation.
He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.
Amy Schumer, 33, pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday.
The couple were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face.
The 63-year-old claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient.
He faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients.
Vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate stress on immune cells.
This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home.
The Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity.
But Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’
This April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers.
Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes.
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the heat.
Each guest room has incredible views of the bay of Angra dos Reis, where the island is protected from the open ocean.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving.
He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again, in potentially even more danger than before.
Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble escapes when the bus lands in a ravine in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina.
He leaps from a prison transport moments before it is struck by the onrushing train.
The train is now covered in grass and weeds after sitting abandoned for more than two decades.
Director Andrew Davis used 13 cameras to film the scene; three were destroyed in the process.
Acro Aircraft Seating is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort and safety in mind.
The ‘Series 7’ seats, unveiled at last week’s Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany, were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants.
Third-grade teacher Kyle Schwartz asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation.
One student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to Mexico six years ago.
Schwartz shared many of these notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson themselves.
Ronnie Carroll died just two days after getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn, where his name will remain.
Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
Randy Lerner has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club.
Lerner is scheduled to fly across the Atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure.
Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal.
The former Newcastle striker has been AWOL since early in December.
Ranger says Blackpool 'took the mick' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar.
It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isn’t seen in the video.
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers.
It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
They will be in circulation from Monday, but an artist's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer.
Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lewandowski spent four years at Dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period.
Rob, 28, has disappeared from the public eye over the last year.
His family have expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old.
He is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer.
The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season.
PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Celebrity Big Brother contestant said boats 'need pushing back' on radio show.
40-year-old asked listeners: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Miss Hopkins said: 'Personally I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from, and I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have - in order that we put a stop to this ridiculous situation'
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals.
In each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth the pearls of wisdom that could help turn Britons into better daters.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Afzal 20 times in east London cab office.
The court heard that Mr.
Afzal had threatened to show intimate pictures of Nargis Riaz to her father.
Ms Riaz, 22, was involved in a relationship with Chowdhry and Mr Riaz.
Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man.
Chowdhury showed no emotion as a jury of seven men and five women found him guilty.
Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal's transfer dealings in the transfer window.
The Frenchman believes the Gunners need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker to win the Premier League.
Henry also said Olivier Giroud may need replacing at the Emirates.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket.
The dog's owner Michele Etzel said Etzel had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer.
On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight.
But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor'
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby.
Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
The result was United's biggest derby win for six years.
A new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men.
47% of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to just 40% of men, according to specialist travel agency Planet Cruise.
Nearly half of women admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles.
The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout.
Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader'
The national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
Elderflower Fields will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park.
The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Codebreaker Dillwyn Knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943.
The current owner, businesswoman Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park.
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.
The Waikato Chiefs fly-half will be out for six months.
Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in Wasps’ Premiership clash with Leicester on May 9.
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15 Street Station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40pm Wednesday.
He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock.
But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements.
At the opposite end — of Texas and the competition — is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
Manchester United's Under 18s beat Manchester City 1-0 in the'mini-derby'
Callum Gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a delightful free-kick.
Marcus Rashford wasted two decent opportunities when put through.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth attacks ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen.
Booth says England have'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all'
England lost eight full series out of all formats in 2014, to say nothing of their defeat by the Netherlands at the World Twenty20.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
The Hammers have lost just one of their last 11 Premier League games.
Carl Jenkinson insists the Hammers are determined to finish in mid-table.
Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids.
They are used to treat joint pains, treat mood disorders and even lose weight.
Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits.
These can be bought online in any state of the US, but not shipped internationally.
Nine sections of the Great Wall have been found over the last two months.
They range along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
The first complete Wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'
His dad Deion Sanders is said to be worth around $40million.
Sanders Jr. also enjoys showing off his luxury clothing items on his social media accounts.
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world.
It remains full of mystery for the average traveller every time they step foot on a plane.
MailOnline Travel spoke to experts to debunk some of the myths that exist.
Ten houses in Australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed.
Among them is a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent.
A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. The asking price is now $400,000 and has been on the market for 366 days.
Dr Sanjay Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake.
The neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
He used basic equipment, such as a saw rather than an electric drill, and sterile water and iodine from a bottle, rather than a proper scrub sink.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler.
Manny Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Floyd Mayweather now than in 2010, claims his trainer Freddie Roach.
The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting and wondering whether they would ever meet.
But after half a decade of speculation, the pair will finally go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
The 24-year-old was clearly unhappy to have been substituted.
Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to Premier League action on Saturday.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 at Old Trafford in 2011.
Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of his side's season as 'garbage'
United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College.
He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse.
Ludwigsen was hired by the school in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons.
Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin.
This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts and rounded off with some light therapy.
Mother-of-two Lindsey Norman spotted the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from her local Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
She said: 'It made me giggle to myself because it's coming up to Easter'
Family-of-six crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets.
They were spotted driving through the city of San Miguel de Tucuman in Argentina's north-western province of Tucuman.
The family's actions were condemned on social media sites after pictures of the incident appeared online.
Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms'
Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of CBI.
17 more added their names, including the bosses of AstraZeneca, Citi Private Bank and Pirelli.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night.
It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery.
The Easter Show's chief operating officer Michael Collins told Fairfax the slide 'runs way too fast in the wet'
Three of the contractors escaped without injury.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse.
Was found with distorted face when she was visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins.
But when he asked nurses for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Mr Wilkins called his mother Maxine, 49, who rushed to the hospital.
Mrs Ross was finally assessed by a doctor and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at Royal London Hospital.
However, she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
If anyone won this debate it was the women.
Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors’ puppets performing.
Nicola Sturgeon is a smiling assassin, making her a tricky opponent for Cameron to stand next to.
The barbaric terror group released photos showing crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo.
The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States.
ISIS considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself.
Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013.
The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair.
He allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered 'no' on the federal firearms purchasing
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring for New York City FC on 27 minutes.
David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time.
Vincent Nogueira slotted home a late winner for Philadelphia.
Caroline Wozniacki will make her French Open debut as a 17-year-old.
Former world No 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster.
She signed off the clip with: 'See you at Roland Garros'
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger.
But why exactly do we snack? And if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK and identified three tribes of snackers.
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws.
She said the laws need to be overhauled to prevent a repeat of the Gammy case.
It is illegal for women to act as surrogates in Australia except in the Northern Territory where there are no laws in place to stop the act.
Child protection officials are still conducting an 'extensive and rigorous' assessment into the welfare of Gammy's twin sister Pipah.
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis in the interim WBA lightweight title fight.
Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness.
Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa.
A United Airlines regional jet carried Hillary back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport.
Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home.
A reporter with the liberal news outlet Vox tweeted a photo of Clinton toting her own luggage on Thursday in Omaha.
Marylin Stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim's finances.
The 64-year-old began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
Stoneman admitted stealing £22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins.
For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
She hopes to complete the entire series by September this year.
This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi.
Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar.
Dettori’s boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string.
The Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft.
This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear.
It can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis.
Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer.
The 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas returned for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011.
He was influential, operating in the first half in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic, before moving forward after the break into a No.10 role.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days.
Claimed Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his office.
It has been claimed the delay was because she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.
But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday.
Signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Entitled'
It appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Brazilian midfielder Anderson was sent off for Internacional in Porto Alegre.
The former Manchester United man shoved Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card.
Fabricio was also sent off later in the game for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans.
Kell Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in Sheffield.
The 28-year-old received another hero's ovation when introduced to the crowd.
Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks.
Eugenie Bouchard refused to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at a press conference.
The Canadian star is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend.
Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches.
Becca Litchfield, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding or fertility treatment.
Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of the wedding competition.
Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca.
But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain Alastair Cook.
England’s failure to win the first Test leaves Cook in the spotlight.
But Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday.
Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Diego Simeone's side are aiming for a place in the semi-finals.
Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid.
Bulgaria has gained the most from the strong pound, which has cut the cost of visiting the continent.
Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, during the 1980s.
She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Mayweather will bank upwards of $180m, Pacqiao $120m.
The world is waiting for the mega-mega-fight between the two best boxers on the planet.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall for making an impact at Rangers.
Former manager says Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding.
McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar.
He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations.
His mother Taniya, 36, said: 'He is definitely a fighter - he has already been through so much'
Ander Herrera's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed at Barcelona.
Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi.
Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend.
Sydney radio station 2UE has just merged with rival station 2GB.
The new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations.
A 2UE spokesperson said they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts.
There is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger.
Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach.
Cronulla beach is often bypassed by tourist due to the shortage of accommodation in the area.
This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to economic boost the backpackers bring to the area.
On average, seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister, Leona, worked.
Ms King, also appeared with Thompson in 1975 movie Scobie Malone, had a 15-year affair with the womanising actor.
Her first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl, and has now revealed the salacious details of their unconventional arrangement.
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers.
The dog’s owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home.
At first everything appears to be in order until the dog gets up and walks into another room, prompting the video maker to laugh even harder.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday night.
Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his previous record of 272.
Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Bulls beat Heat 89-78.
Jeremy Clarkson and fellow Top Gear presenters were about to renew contract.
But offer was taken away after Clarkson punched producer Oisin Tymon.
May revealed he had prematurely celebrated three-year deal by ordering Ferrari.
He said he had ordered the last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale - in bright orange.
The offer was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve'
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence.
It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time.
This has made the element, which can only be generated in particle accelerators, extremely difficult to study.
Now researchers have been able to create enough to measure the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Staines Town.
Tottenham are joint top of the Premier League, three points behind Chelsea.
Chelsea's Ruben Loftus-Cheek was forced off injured after 37 minutes.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas arrived to find the burning SUV belonging to Hector Valles, 25, unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel.
Valles' clothes had begun to burn as officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road.
Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 games since replacing Wojciech Szczesny as No 1.
The Arsenal goalkeeper has a win ratio of 91.7 per cent.
Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second.
Arjen Robben, Asier del Horno and Paddy McNair make the top 10.
19-year-old Julian Weigl has a buy-out clause of £2.5million at 1860 Munich.
Weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out with team-mates for a late drinking session.
Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested.
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming.
Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse.
Deputy Marquette Oliver bent down and caught the baby as he was born.
Amelie Mauresmo was appointed as Andy Murray's coach last summer.
Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Mauresmo came out as gay at the 1999 Australian Open.
When Prince George's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world, their arrival will be announced first on Twitter according to a report in The Sunday Times.
News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace.
Prince William's birth announcement was first announced on an easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982.
With the Duchess due to give birth any day, one gambler has bet £10,000 that she will give birth to a girl.
Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season.
The Barnet manager says it is always important to have all your players going in One Direction.
Players on the periphery can make the difference between winning and losing.
Bangladesh beat Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka.
Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply.
Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday.
Lionel Messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014.
Barcelona lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Messi has scored 34 goals in La Liga and eight in the Champions League.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool.
The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020.
Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
Tomas Francis impressed against Alex Corbisiero in the Aviva Premiership.
The 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance.
Stuart Lancaster could make a late move for the youngster.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United in the January transfer window.
The 23-year-old joined the Scottish Premiership side on transfer deadline day.
Armstrong is hoping to secure his first Scottish Premiership league winners' medal.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi finals on Sunday.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham.
Togo striker has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season.
The 31-year-old has labeled the Premier League 'the best in the world'
Prime Minister Manuel Valls reveals five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris.
His chilling words follow the arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches with an armoury of weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles.
DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car on Sunday morning.
Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service.
It has already caught the attention of one big company, which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers.
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters after an hour of trying to lift him out of the hole.
Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
It's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday.
Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list.
Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month.
The RFU said he should have been ineligible for the match.
Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Aviva Premiership.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters.
He warned of new tactics among Islamist fanatics at the Counter-Terror Expo.
Mr Rowley issued the warning at the counter-terror event in Olympia, west London.
More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning.
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami.
Liverpool fans will stage a protest against the mounting costs of tickets.
Hull City have charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets at The KC Stadium.
Last season, the same seats were sold for £35.
Stoke fans were charged £16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August.
Data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during last summer's violence.
Firm said link suggests presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death.
Costa will open on site of former Dedworth Road HSBC branch.
Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart.
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute.
Defoe's strike was his third goal for the Black Cats this season.
Striker Steven Fletcher made it 2-0 shortly before half-time.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years.
She spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
The grandmother-of-four and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds who all sleep and live at her home.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday as they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu looking to keep the pressure on league leaders Barcelona.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club.
Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
Neilson admits external interest in his promoted players is inevitable.
The 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram.
She quickly deleted it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages.
Madonna, who has a large gay fanbase, offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988.
Some of Madonna's fans took umbrage to the post and said she had gone 'a step too far'
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people.
New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night.
Johnson (22-2-1) took over in the second round, showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson (36-11) beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first bout since 2011.
Novak Djokovic lost the second set 7-6 4-6 6-0 to Andy Murray in the Miami Open final on Sunday.
Djokovic shouted at his backroom team during the heated exchange.
The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled by the outburst, saying it 'didn't look good'
The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment at Hounsdown School.
She accidentally downed the corrosive liquid during a science lesson.
Headteacher Julie Turvey said: 'The school is taking this matter very seriously'
A group of boys thought to have been'messing around' in the lesson were questioned about the incident.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute.
Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it.
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’
It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size.
The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants.
Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts.
Mark O'Meara carded a 68 to make the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years.
The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second saw him card a 68 and ensure he will still be in the running at the weekend.
He is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
An object that appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has baffled scientists.
Russian researchers have dated the object to 300 million years old.
They believe it is the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid.
However, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer –  that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment'
They were questioned over claims Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed visa.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death in an apparent suicide early on Tuesday morning.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders.
They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood.
The burglary took place in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba.
Danny Cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby.
He helped Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday.
Steve Diamond's side will face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish.
Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died Monday at the age of 101.
Her granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s.
Rosa had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren.
Tegan Peters found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland.
The 22-year-old warehouse worker said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community after finding the ball.
Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces.
Online responders were quick to condemn the 'disturbing' behaviour.
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said.
He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
Lewis Hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix.
Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race after Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team's first victory for almost two years at the last race in Malaysia.
Many people expected another dominant Mercedes campaign in the wake of last season's crushing success in Australia.
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP but has stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration.
David Duane Watson, a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, in what detectives say motivated by a custody dispute over their daughter.
Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts.
Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th.
Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Ron and June Phillips went to their cabin clutching cups of cocoa.
But their relaxing night on the luxury liner was shattered by a violent confrontation that left both unconscious.
The elderly couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims that he was snubbed.
Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was ‘ignored’ when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games.
Van Persie suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21.
Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for Sunday's game against Manchester City at Old Trafford.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich.
He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook.
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV’s 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace.
For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats – and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure.
More than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority.
Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws.
He says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h.
But he won't say who was behind the wheel.
He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South in the 33rd minute.
Gavin Reilly doubled Rangers' lead at Palmerston Park in the second half.
Lewis Kidd added a third for the Ibrox outfit in the 46th minute.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre.
It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats - but residents complained.
They said the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved.
Bath and North East Somerset Council says developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
Jake Drage walked free from an Indonesian prison after nine months.
The 23-year-old surfer said he cannot wait to get back in the water.
Drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter.
He said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again.
George R R Martin created a character who is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool.
Jose Mourinho insists he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will play Sterling at Arsenal on Saturday.
Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal, Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Christy Turlington Burns, 46, is the face of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign.
Lindex opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27.
The brand has also brought in German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede, 37.
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group.
He was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the Philippines.
Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina.
He met Brad Dalke, 17, and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle.
Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page.
A new book by former education journalist David Turner, The Old Boys, lays bare the little-known history of Britain's public schools.
The Old Boys was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days.
Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellions in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty.
The Queensland teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year, has worn a boy’s uniform for two years and most of his friends are male.
A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Ivan Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992.
In the letters, he tells nephew Alistair Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things'
Shipsey, a former Rebels bikie gang member who has been banned from visiting Milat in prison, says he has released the book of his uncle's letters for 'those who want to read the facts'
A museum in Hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago.
Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings.
Among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring.
Darren Bent scored in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby.
Alex Pritchard put his side ahead in the 21st minute with a stunning strike.
Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes of the game.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel.
Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe.
160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college.
She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
The dreaded diagnosis came after Glenna, at just 22, discovered a golf ball-sized lump in her groin while working out at the gym one day.
Doctors would trace the cancer back to a mole Glenna had removed years earlier, but which doctors had failed to identify as melanoma.
NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension.
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell.
It's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role.
As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum.
This oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale.
Driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him.
It's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price.
Ms Bines apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program.
A spokeswoman for Ms Bines said spots in the program have sold out.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent, admitted carrying a Class B drug on the premises.
She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her, but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
The maximum penalty for possession of amphetamines is five years in prison plus a fine. For supply the penalty is up to 14 years imprisonment and a fine.
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot.
Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager's homes.
Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'
He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to try to be gracious.
Mourinho says Ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
The Chelsea boss has had many spats with Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola.
Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
Mr Farage said Mr Salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that Ukip is called racist.
The Ukip leader said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out.
Tons of rotting fish have filled Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held.
More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, according to Rio's waste management company, but there is still an overwhelming stench.
Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the dead fish, a small silvery species called twaite shad, off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides.
Thousands of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-Africa.
They are dumped in gigantic landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University who claim only 6 million tonnes were recycled properly.
The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates.
Also goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene.
Only eats certain fruits - blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples.
The monkey snatches a banana from a tourist in Kanchanaburi, Thailand.
Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin.
The lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey begins tucking into the banana.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam.
Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire  using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses.
The 45-year-old man suffered arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years.
This caused facial deformities and problems with his vision and speech.
His neck, mouth, tongue and back of his throat were reconstructed using plastic surgery.
It took a team of 45 medical staff 27 hours to complete the operation.
Chris Brynarsky was killed in his custom car detail shop in October 2006.
When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it.
His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car, but not before writing a message on the inside.
Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day.
Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter's house when he sustained a skull fracture.
The state medical examiner's office determined the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy.
Ryan Mason made his England debut against Italy on Tuesday night.
The Tottenham Hotspur midfielder was celebrating Andros Townsend's equalising goal.
Twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old.
It has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times by those noticing the resemblance.
Cryos International, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices to Orlando.
It is located next to the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year, 23,000 of whom are male.
Donors are allowed to remain anonymous, and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $750 per month.
Aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland.
The mozzie is known for its black and white stripes.
Brisbane International Airport has stepped up bio security after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds.
Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport.
A person was struck by a train between Surbiton and Wimbledon this afternoon.
Services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled.
South West Trains said staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife.
He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces.
The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl.
The incident took place outside Toys R Us in New York's Times Square.
Perez was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
It is the latest incident involving people dressed up as costumed characters in the area amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder.
Cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa.
Kieron Power's wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van.
A week later he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames, South-West London.
Mr Power, 54, from Esher, Surrey, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre after taking photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont.
Former FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week.
They say Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent.
Jimmy Abdou opened the scoring for Millwall with a rare strike in the 75th minute.
Wigan's Martyn Waghorn was sent off in the second half for a foul on Aiden O'Brien.
Magaye Gueye added a second in the third minute of stoppage time.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges.
The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other.
Los Angeles sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida says Knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse.
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people.
Jeff Davis County's Melissa Jeffcoat said that she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that Jesus 'died on the cross for me so that's the least I could do for him'
Prime Minister reveals eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, wildlife survey finds.
Only a quarter see the tiny animals frequently, RSPB says.
There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres.
But he was secretly filmed taking to the pitch for his pub football team.
The grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years.
Two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match.
They had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand, apparently with the full consent of safety staff.
The extraordinary scene was captured on a mobile phone camera by Liverpool supporter Stephen Dodd.
Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Billy Getzendaner, 34, have been charged with aggravated sexual assault.
They face charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet.
Brittany Leanne Parten, 23, was charged with improper visual recording for using a cellphone to videotape the assault.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2.
Chicharito is scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes.
Real Madrid are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies.
The idea came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy'
She decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe.
They both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies.
Beatrice, 26, visited Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire.
She opened the school's Talbot Memorial Garden on Friday.
It is the second visit in less than four days for the Princess, who is dyslexic.
Last week, she was seen hobnobbing with Karl Lagerfeld and Tory Burch.
The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National.
Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase.
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness.
Animal Rescue Corps president Scotlund Haisley, who led the rescue operation, described the animals as being overcome with fear.
The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester; many emaciated, 'living in several inches of their own waste'
The property owner, 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on Monday and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond
Clare Balding and Alice Arnold have been married since 2006.
They did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor invite guests.
Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal.
BBC political editor Nick Robinson made a brief return to TV screens last night.
His voice sounded weak and strained after treatment for a lung tumour.
But he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper'
Kent Sprouse, 42, was convicted of the death of Ferris Police Officer Harry Marvin 'Marty' Steinfeldt III, who was shot outside the Ferris Food Mart about 20 miles south of Dallas.
In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to the Moreno family for all of the trouble I have caused them'
He is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month.
The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings were destroyed.
His family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished.
A GoFundMe page in memory of Nicholas met it's $30,000 goal
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended 'Football Fighting Ebola' event.
West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in Knightsbridge.
Event was a fundraising reception for the charity, founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Greek PM Alexis Tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin last month.
The German government says the issue was resolved legally years ago.
For the first time in 65 years the California Department of Water Resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the Sierra Nevada in early April.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the snowpack since 1950 when records began.
The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Cassandra Fortin was ordered by the Connecticut Supreme Court to undergo chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer.
She and her mother, Jackie Fortin, argued she did not want chemo despite the risk of dying without them.
The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the 17-year-old after she refused treatment.
But after she was declared in remission in March, her lawyer and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments, or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years.
This week she released 'My Love Affair with Food' in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly.
The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with Daily Mail Australia.
Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George's Day last year, with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9C.
It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Marine Le Pen, 46, was named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people.
The National Front leader spoke of representing a 'great political force'
The recognition comes at an eventful time for her father, Jean-Marie, 86.
A video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad shows tourists how it's done.
The Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
As the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air, the mob of emus started coming closer.
Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments.
The two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - are looming large over the next two weekends.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings.
The party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day, according to the pollsters Survation.
It is the biggest Labour lead in a Survation poll since February.
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for Southpaw.
He also worked out for an incredible six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill.
He also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday's home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Protest group AshleyOut.com urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of St James' Park before kick-off.
There they unfurled a banner, ‘NUFC – Balance Sheet Champions – 2008-2014’
Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from the club, who earlier this month returned record profits of £18.7million.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette was 75 when he died Sunday.
Ouimette, suspected of having a role in up to eight murders, 'ran' the federal prison in North Carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis.
His nephew said his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in Butner, North Carolina.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham.
He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home and determine he could not be linked to the crime.
Gary Field was seen at a Ukip event in South Thanet awaiting the arrival of Nigel Farage.
Far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
They enjoyed the protection of Ukip’s security teams, which encircled the Broadstairs Pavilion.
Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group and gestured to onlookers.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials.
She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a ‘brilliant operator’
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time.
It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp.
Federici left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tried to console him.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters.
The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par at Augusta on Sunday.
Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over'
Stuart McCall wants his side to end their away-day blues at Dumbarton.
Rangers dropped two points at bottom side Livingston in their bid for promotion.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset Rangers.
A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east Afghanistan.
According to the official spokesman for the Taliban, over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
Despite the Taliban claims that they had 'killed and wounded hundreds of Americans', no casualties have been reported.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles.
Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraceptive.
They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the Pill.
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games.
Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday.
Sven Bender has issued a rallying call to Borussia Dortmund team-mates.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture.
Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street.
He had visited the area where he was killed with his son days before.
Arwani's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man.
Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer.
Neanderthals may have been the world's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet.
Scientists found traces of these plants in the teeth of Neanderthal teeth.
They suggest they may have cooked stews in the skins of animals, according to some anthropologists.
There is no evidence that Neanderthals had any pots or pans to cook with.
The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students.
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it'
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the HGV for several miles.
The driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed.
He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper.
Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers.
The 38-year-old boxer hits back at his supposed 'haters' ahead of his bout with Manny Pacquiao next month.
Footage features rows of diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash.
It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history.
Storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards Dallas/Fort Worth for several hours.
More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and possibility of 'complete destruction'
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at the Mrs Merton Show.
The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
But he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court.
Travis, real name David Griffin, was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault.
Today he was told he will be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel will have his hands full trying to stop the striker.
Fabian Delph and Jordan Henderson set for midfield battle at Wembley.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed for 20 years.
She was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent.
Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital soon after giving birth.
After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant.
Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford in July.
In-house staff will be paid £7.85 an hour from the 2016-17 season.
But United officials have decided to implement the salary a year early.
Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage.
Teacher Tiffany Jackson was arrested for driving with an invalid licence.
She was suspended for three days at Highland Oaks Middle School in Memphis.
School officials justified the suspensions by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media'
But later overturned the decision following a backlash.
Jake Shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor.
The 21-year-old had fallen 25ft (8m) from the upper floor of the building.
He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire'
England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named Aviva Premiership’s player of the month for March.
The 22-year-old scored two tries in March as Wasps maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Daly's form at centre has him pushing incumbent England No 13 Jonathan Joseph hard for his place.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails.
Policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release.
Wheatley had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey in 2002 and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims.
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed.
The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day.
Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10.
It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets.
Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing.
This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore.
Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not.
Officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the job.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England.
It is understood the ECB don't want any publicity about the job specification.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth.
They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere.
The idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it.
But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
The 41-year-old Australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze.
Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a ‘coarse rattle’ when she shook it.
Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device.
She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington.
'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country'
'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement. Marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' he added.
Vít Jedlicka, 31, is a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens.
He is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River.
The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems.
Tories on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent with less than a month to go.
The video was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon.
It shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking 'everybody ready?'
The teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher's crotch.
Christina Mejia filed a lawsuit against the Cook County Sheriff's Office in Illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week.
Her daughter, Jessica, 20, was killed in the early hours of December 31, 2009 when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole.
Sheriff's office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict Sord.
Mohamed Morsi ordered the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012.
But a court acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail.
Married mother-of-two ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum before becoming style director at M&S in September 2012.
Today it appears that her hard work has paid off, with general merchandise sales up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses.
Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night.
Schoenig was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle and would be returning it to her.
She took to Facebook after getting the car back, writing; 'I want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me.... This b***h is pimpin now!'
Dave Brockie, 50, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014.
A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose.
Brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked and will miss the second leg.
Both players were unhappy with referee Milorad Mazic's performance.
Suarez said: 'I hope in the return leg they pick a better referee'
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars.
The florist had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of her 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters, aged 12 and four, and a 15-year-old son.
Taylor admitted burglary, criminal damage and two counts of common assault.
Boliva’s Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways so that dinosaur tracks are seen on a vertical 'wall'
The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
Some of the prints are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period - a time in which the majority of dinosaurs lived.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego.
Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right.
At issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign.
The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday.
Hillary Clinton will spend Monday and Tuesday in New Hampshire, returning to the state that handed her a 2008 primary victory early in the bruising nomination struggle won by Obama.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor served during World War I in Gallipoli.
The 30-year-old fought in the trenches at Lone Pine in Anzac Cove on the shores of Turkey.
He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort.
Greg Hardy was forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods in Dallas this week.
The 25-year-old's car had to be towed away by a tow truck.
Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Juventus according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport.
Manchester United also hold an interest in the Uruguayan.
Cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under Laurent Blanc.
King Felipe and Queen Letizia were at the University of Alcala de Henares today.
New book claims Juan Carlos II had long-running affair with German socialite.
The 47-year-old monarch took the Spanish throne last June.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez.
Sterling, Barkley and Rodriguez would cost in region of £50million.
Rodriguez is valued at £50m but could buy out the final year of his contract.
Frank Lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season.
Online fitness company Protein World posted advert asking: 'Are you beach body ready?'
Internet pranksters have now recreated the advert with curvy alternatives.
The advert, featuring a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini, has been branded body-shaming by feminists and body image campaigners.
Transport for London are in the process of removing the advert.
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick.
Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser.
Catherine Zeta-Jones rubs honey and salt on her skin to beat wrinkles.
Manchester City star Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy unveiled mural.
The 64metre design covers the south edge of the Premier League champion's Academy Stadium.
It has been inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives.
Argentine stars Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo dined at San Carlo Italian Restaurant on Sunday night.
Manchester United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday.
Manuel Pellegrini's side were still on a high following a comfortable victory over West Ham.
Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville waving a Stars and Stripes of his own.
He said the members had 'p*****d off' servicemen across the country with their actions and proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to Iraq.
One veteran, Nicholas Connole, said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday.
Samples of the bizaree creature were sent to see Otago Museum for testing.
Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 at Ewood Park in the FA Cup sixth round replay.
Philippe Coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.
Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time by Simon Mignolet.
Wojciech Szczesny has been deposed as Arsenal's No 1 goalkeeper.
Polish international has made just three appearances since New Year's Day.
Arsene Wenger admits he has lost his place to David Ospina.
The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Patrick O'Flynn launched party's 'policies for women' alongside Suzanne Evans and MEP Diane James.
Ukip's election campaign chief admitted the party sometimes resembles a 'rugby club on tour' with members who can be 'boorish' and 'chauvinistic'
Phoebe Jo Chapman, 42, has been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
The charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys at Lowndes High School in Valdosta, Georgia.
Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway.
A newborn baby girl was found inside the trash outside the Delta Gamma Theta sorority house on Lakeside Drive last Wednesday.
It has now emerged the baby was alive when she was born.
The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, Ohio, but they have refused to release her name.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie’s South Kensington.
The Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust.
One of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott's fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime.
Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation.
Curry hit seven 3s in all, including one to start overtime.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living.
Miller built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp.
He used vegetation as insulation. There is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus.
Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night.
Paul Millsap left the game early with a shoulder injury.
DeMarre Carroll and Al Horford scored 20 points each for the Hawks.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police.
The infant was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services but sadly died shortly after.
Police strongly believe that members of the Neilrex community, which is 60 kilometres south of Coonabarabran, can help with their investigation.
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they were stuck with the wrong partner.
But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Mr Cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard.
He would also snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
The last Plantagenet king of England was described by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' in his play depicting the monarch.
But a 3D reconstruction of the king’s spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of ‘scoliosis’, or sideways bending of his spine to the right.
The condition, which would have developed in his early teens, means he was very far from being a hunchback.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 3-2 at Providence Park.
Former Real Madrid ace Kaka scored the only goal of the game.
Cyle Larin and Darlington Nagbe also scored for the hosts.
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl.
She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain.
This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York.
The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since.
She met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn was destroyed.
The lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes.
It was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break.
Utility companies, including Thames Water, have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer at a cost of £400,000.
Marcus Bettinelli played in Fulham's 1-1 draw against Rotherham United.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched the 22-year-old.
Bettinelli is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday.
The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed.
It is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say.
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley in February.
The 25-year-old revealed he wasn't a fan of pop group One Direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member Louis Tomlinson in March.
Sturridge hinted that this move called 'feed the ducks' could be his next celebration.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’
In the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign, everything is up for debate.
Pollsters agree that the SNP is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) North of the Border in the General Election, crushing the Tories and trouncing Labour.
Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since breaking his ankle.
Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba all ruled out.
Pep Guardiola warned the whole team has to work together to compensate.
Temperatures are set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher.
That would be the hottest day of the year so far - with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F) and Athens at 18C (65F)
The weekend is set to be slightly cooler, with a cool front arriving from the West.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door.
Ken Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of qualifying.
The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out this week.
Graeme Dott, another former champion, must come from behind to book his place in the main draw.
The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd.
Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back.
But it ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close in one of Britain's most exclusive postcodes.
It boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral.
The 8,147 sq ft mansion has six bedrooms, two kitchens, a drawing room, dining room, study, office, library, media room and wine cellar.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference, was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate.
Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours.
He suggested on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
His laptop and other electronics, although his lawyer says he hasn't seen a search warrant, were seized.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a big name to boost the club's profile.
The Eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on Yannick Bolasie.
Palace host relegation strugglers Hull City on Saturday.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012.
He is now well and his tumours have shrunk.
Hormone therapy, usually given in the form of regular injections or implants, is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer - where the cancer has spread beyond the prostate.
Asda’s Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat.
This is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
A Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories.
David Hyche developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind.
A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her five-year-old son Garnett-Paul Spears.
She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced.
The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters.
The former world No 1 has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy.
Lynn, from Chippenham, has scoliosis and hip dysplasia.
The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly, which causes pain when she moves.
She also has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about.
After becoming pregnant with a baby girl after three years of trying to conceive with husband, Liam, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton.
Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had food poisoning.
Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences.
Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday week.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race.
But Nicholls said on Wednesday it was unfair to tie the horse down to a gelding which is far from certain to run.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final round.
McIlroy shot a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place.
The world No 1 is yet to win The Masters.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of Walter Scott.
Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down last Saturday in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened.
Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is.
It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government.
He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building in L.A.'s Fairfax district.
Cobain and Courtney Love lived in the home during the height of Nirvana's musical influence 91-92 to be specific.
The current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
Tory supporters are more likely to take on some light reading such as Fifty Shades of Grey.
Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights, while UKIP supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday.
Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as New Zealand.
John Terry names Philippe Coutinho and Harry Kane as PFA Team of the Year.
Coutinho has scored four league goals for Liverpool this season.
Terry also picks Sergio Aguero and Ryan Bertrand as his backline.
Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly picks Eden Hazard as Young Player.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps.
They found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60% of the observations.
However, male chimps tended to capture larger prey and used their hands.
The findings may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt.
It has been known that chimpanzees use tools like humans for more than 50 years.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction.
On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
His left hand is still in a cast from the attack.
South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta on Thursday.
The Northern Irishman has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition.
McIlroy has won 11 of his 14 majors ranked No 1 in the world.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle.
Their family home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macqurie, had lost power on Wednesday.
The children's mother decided take Kai, Sophie and Aussie for a walk in a nearby park.
Wild weather had caused a power line to fall down into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox, a poll has found.
Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos – leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork.
'Rich' from Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree.
The 31-year-old described himself as 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, like travelling, love the outdoors, sports, fishing, camping blah blah blah'
He promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered'
It will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of Manchester United for the last football match to be played in England for four, long years.
Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final.
The Mexican striker was praised by Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney.
Hernandez has started just seven of the 50 games Real Madrid have played this season.
Geoff Johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, when he was 17 in 1995.
He and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, also 37, returned just twice, on the advice of her counselor, to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt.
But when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013, the house was handed to them.
Tracy Morgan appeared to strain and wince as he joined his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven as they did some shopping in New Jersey.
It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others.
Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield.
The 23-year-old hopes to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira.
Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Harris, 44, was shot dead as he fled the scene of an undercover operation on April 2.
In 2009, an internal investigation found that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy.
The Rich Kids of Instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world's most beautiful locations, exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties.
While the glamorous Scolaro sisters 'partied with A-list movie stars', self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades.
Two wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' in Dakar yesterday.
After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious.
Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with Inter Milan.
Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored Theo Walcott five out of 10.
Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances against England.
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
After doctors in the UK turned him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery.
He even approached Botched doctors about getting back implants on last season's show, who ultimately said no to his request.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney.
The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons.
No arrests have been made.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, in southern Ukraine.
It sees a young girl dressed in a bloodstained nightgown scare unsuspecting walkers.
She waits until concerned locals walk up to her before screaming.
In other scenes she can be seen feasting on a fake carcass and holding a teddy bear.
West Bromwich Albion beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for Alan Pardew's side.
Pardew left Palace two days before the Premier League season kicked off.
Carlo Ancelotti will have to choose between Isco or James Rodriguez.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit for Real Madrid.
In Italy, Corriere dello Sport focuses on Inter Milan's internal struggles.
PSG beat Marseille 3-2 at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday.
The 100,000 parking meters in Manchester do not accept new 5p and 10p coins.
Drivers without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit.
Manchester drivers have demanded refunds and want to know why the council is yet to upgrade its machines.
Manuel Pellegrini believes Manchester City must splash out in the summer.
City are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
The Chilean has said his side must sign a 'crack' player this summer.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1.
Ibrahimovic has scored 102 goals in less than three years at the French club.
The 33-year-old now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books.
Nik Wallenda, 36, said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29.
The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on May 4.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, is accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing.
She was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her.
They were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling.
Bower allegedly told officers there was more merchandise downstairs, including an 'armful' of purses she showed them.
Esteban Cambiasso was named man of the match in Leicester's 2-1 win over West Ham.
The former Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Argentina midfielder scored in the 12th minute.
Leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach.
The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Craig Gardner scored the only goal of the game for Tony Pulis' side.
The Baggies now sit eight points clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Dan Price founded Gravity Payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at Seattle Pacific University.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions.
Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced.
Ellia Beasley, 22, had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly.
The aspiring model from Hampshire had the tattoo when she was a teenager.
Ian Watkins, 37, was jailed for 35 years for a string of child sex offences.
Ellia said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes.
Thames Valley Police called an Army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of a barge in Reading.
Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face.
The Delorean is a replica of the car used in the Back to the Future films.
It was spotted being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning.
Officers joked that the futuristic-looking car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie.
Scientists have detected gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica.
Gates are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide.
The gases escape from hospital operating rooms via air vents during surgery.
An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February.
Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill.
Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister.
His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice.
When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull.
Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth.
Angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
John Terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for Chelsea this season.
The 34-year-old is joint third-highest goalscorer in the Premier League.
He sits alongside Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven goals apiece.
Radamel Falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at Manchester United.
A mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign.
Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat.
He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri, last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force.
The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says.
There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
The state-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad.
But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood – despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border.
The super hospital has a cinema and a roof garden in the children's wing and is the latest to be built in the UK.
Last year, nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health.
Chelsea defender Wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ‘suspicion of a sexual offence’
The 20-year-old was with Vitesse’s squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club.
Vitesse refused to comment on the nature of the offence which led to the arrest.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix in F1.
The Briton has been on pole at the last four races and is 27 points ahead of Nico Rosberg.
Hamilton says he feels more powerful now than at any stage in his career.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago.
His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres.
An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder.
Saskia posted snaps of the test to her Twitter account, @saskiaisabxlla.
She scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, according to her boyfriend's feedback.
The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer.
He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases.
Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs.
A jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict at Birmingham Crown Court.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish.
The pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy.
She spanked him with a hand, then with a training shoe, Hull Crown Court heard.
Bell then threatened to post footage of their sex trysts online unless he paid her £25.
Later increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and footage was ready to publish, until she received £55.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs.
This means that our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
The findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems.
Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully.
And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Saturday.
Jamie O'Hara opened the scoring from the penalty spot for the Seasiders.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time.
Lee Clark admitted Blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years.
In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror.
The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Park Inn by Radisson E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media.
Customers appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels.
The holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles and 'transports' them away on the 'e-trip' of a lifetime.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015.
Woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament.
He hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung, urged aviation industry to develop system to prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash.
Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a French mountainside on March 24.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose, has been called off.
Police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free.
The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile.
Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Sylvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances.
Says that pica can be very dangerous when, like Silvia, you are eating rocks.
Brock Guzman, 8, was taken from his home in Fairfield, California on Monday morning.
His parents Paul and Suzanne are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing.
Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when someone stole the family car from their driveway as he slept inside.
When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home.
That is when Suzanne reportedly grew belligerent, and can be heard cursing on their body cams.
Part-time actor was flying from Newcastle to Gatwick when he was pulled aside.
Staff thought his pease pudding was Semtex, a plastic explosive.
The 58-year-old, who previously appeared in Blackadder, was surprised at mix-up.
Traveller offered to let security taste the delicacy to prove it wasn't Semtex.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years.
But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service.
This is the figure needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the NHS’s accounts over the next five years.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs put up around New York City.
While the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together.
Per the Duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh.
The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that accompanied it.
Footage of the incident shows Mr Thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears, wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi in 2006.
The 28-year-old, the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq, was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Kashmir as a refugee - now an old man, for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights.
His rulers have refused to give the West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) the right to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are caught in abject poverty.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car.
Rhodesian ridgeback was left with wounds to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow.
Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing to take steps to safely secure a dog within a vehicle.
She has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
Staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.
These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine.
Worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union Unison.
Ousman Jatta, 45, took his wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks.
When he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him.
Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife, who has pleaded to return home to her husband.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats.
The Reds have seven Barclays Premier League games to go.
Steven Gerrard, Martin Skrtel and Emre Can have been suspended.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford.
Chris Smalling scored United's fourth goal in the derby victory.
Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was abused by her father.
Keith Whitworth, now 61, jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points at UFC 186 in Montreal.
The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Bisping said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than 40 years ago, research shows.
Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
The huge increase is blamed on the cheap package holiday boom dating from the 1960s.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s.
Young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday.
Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Wilshere has been out of action since November after breaking his foot against Manchester United.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged.
She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube.
Police arrested Colin Heath, now 43, last September and he was today jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham Crown Court after he admitted manslaughter.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr will fight Manny Pacquiao on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp ahead of the mega-fight.
The short film takes you inside the gym with the undefeated American as he prepares for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season.
Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Castleford head coach Daryl Powell has warned Sinfield he will be a 'target'
George W. Bush spoke at closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas.
He suggested that President Barack Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early.
Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon.
And said comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on US national security.
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina.
The Colombian winger has failed to impress at Stamford Bridge.
Wilfried Bony has scored just one Premier League goal for Manchester City.
Mauro Zarate failed to make an impression at QPR during his loan spell.
Callum McManaman's move to the Hawthorns coincided with West Brom's slip into relegation.
Kevin Pietersen's agent Adam Wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland during KP's supposed reintegration into the England team in 2012.
Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals.
It was created following a request from an unnamed buyer in Doha, Qatar.
Goldfinch took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand.
The 18-year-old was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago.
He was seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers.
The officers told the inmate to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
One of the officers, Scott Beaty, was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery.
MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event.
More than 14,000 occupants of the 7,000 rooms and suites are expected to be in attendance.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar in straight sets to win the Barcelona Open.
It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese.
Gerard Pique and Shakira were in the stands for the final.
Red Cross has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen.
The coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis.
It now controls the country's ports and air space.
UN last week said more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds.
His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions.
Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season, though there wasn't nearly enough moisture for a rainout.
Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and coated the mountains in snow - a welcome respite but one that will do little to ease the historic drought
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted this summer.
Arsenal and Manchester United are interested in the Southampton midfielder.
Manchester City and Chelsea are also keen on the left back.
Tyrannosaurus rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought.
They hunted in gangs which included young and older members, researchers claim.
Daspletosaurus, which means 'frightful lizard', is thought to be a close relative of T-rex and roamed north America between 77 million and 74 million years ago.
Paleontologists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at West Brom on Saturday.
The Leicester City striker scored a late winner to keep Leicester's survival hopes alive.
Vardy was being criticised two years ago at Leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after eating.
She began strict diet regime at 16, living off black tea and coffee.
Determined to lose weight, she would go for three days without eating a thing.
But after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to eating disorder clinic.
Made a full recovery and is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics.
Frank Lampard returned to Chelsea after 13 trophy-laden years at the club.
The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan this season.
Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July.
Former Everton and Manchester City midfielder Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend.
That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 - in 2011.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one of her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women at Augusta National.
Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14.
'I hope The Masters will consider a Women's Masters soon. They do so much to grow the game. Fastest area of golf growth is women!'
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Eden Hazard scored the winner and is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year.
Mourinho has praised the Belgian's exceptional talent and also his unwavering humility amid his success.
Giudice lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000.
He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB’s head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced.
Whitaker's position has looked untenable in any case since Paul Downton was axed as managing director of England cricket.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from South Australia, having turned down their first approach.
House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28.
Items include Issa dress worn by Kate Middleton for engagement photos, and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City.
The items, which are in immaculate condition, come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport.
Spieth has also committed to the Cadillac Match Play Championship in San Francisco next week because it is a WGC event.
Charles Barnhoorn was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Devon.
Coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
He had been a recreational drug user from the age of 16, taking mephedrone.
But by 20 he had turned his life around with his mother, Susan.
Anna Broom, of Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since the age of 19.
Jobless 33-year-old now wants £10,000 to fund dream wedding to Jordan Burford.
Wants dress, horse and carriage - 'like Katie Price' - and champagne.
Also wants taxpayer to stump up further £2,000 for honeymoon in Mexico.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards.
West Brom midfielder has picked Harry Kane and Eden Hazard.
Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals this term.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year.
Three people were killed in Australia and South Africa.
However, only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans.
Sharon and Mike Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming.
Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair.
Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing, and waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin.
The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan.
McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem.
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese.
Two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV.
The British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition asking Government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day.
He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off.
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of the City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made the 'racist' remark to hired photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago.
After witnessing Mr Jones capture test shot of Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, at the event, she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls.
She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city'
The girls' mouths 'dropped' and they were then asked to leave the festival by a city official.
Now, Ms Taylor has been fired for
High school sweethearts Doug Wilson, 93, and Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week.
Their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons, Doug, received a phone call at 3.52am to inform him that his father had passed away.
Just five minutes later the phone rang again, calling with the same sad news.
Arsene Wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Jose Mourinho's Chelsea have been relentless from the first whistle.
The Gunners need to make big additions to their squad this summer.
Petr Cech would be an ideal candidate to replace Wojciech Szczesny.
Flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport.
It is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first attempt.
Flames could be seen coming from the engine as the plane circled in the sky.
There are no reported injuries from the 97 passengers on board.
Gary Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's battling 2-2 draw against Fulham.
The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at Craven Cottage.
Caldwell only replaced the axed Malky Mackay on Wednesday.
Many smartphones on sale today include built-in FM chips.
However, nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated.
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature.
It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands.
The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife’s mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
When the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled.
Statement 90s chop made famous by Jim Carrey’s Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber.
It has graced the heads of celebrities from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus.
One chain of British barber shops has reported 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler during Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby at Old Trafford.
Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go.
He was also quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left.
Viv Nicholson and husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961 — the equivalent of around £3 million today.
The petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre, declaring that the money would indeed change her life.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher.
The 31-year-old spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of the murder of Surrey-born Meredith, 21, in 2007.
He is said to be looking at compensation for time wrongly spent in prison.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion.
Diane took charge of her daughter Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Qatar's Constellation Group bought majority stake in Claridge's, Connaught and Berkeley Hotel last week.
The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties.
They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42.
Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 last week to remain undefeated.
Van Gerwen faces Gary Anderson in Premier League Darts' ninth leg on Thursday.
The pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford.
Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148, respectively.
While the front lists Prince George and 30-year-old Prince Harry, the flip side offers eight 'future homes', allocating you anything from a palace, castle or estate to an abbey, manor, house, cottage – or even foreclosure.
A new lighter uses electricity to ignite, and it’s claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind.
The Illume ArcLighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes.
This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers.
Its inventors, based in Edmonton, Canada, are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD?
We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday, says Nolito.
Barcelona forward has been training following a foot injury.
The 28-year-old has urged Messi to stay away from the Spanish coast.
Campaign manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'
Also encourages them to compliment people's homes in bid to win over sceptical voters.
Advice has been distributed among Green campaigners in London.
It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments.
Visitors to the Scottish town of Dornoch have to move quickly if they wish to visit the abattoir - as its being demolished.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin.
It was originally put online by Jon Palmer from The Cheese House, Cromarty.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt, using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around.
The process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope, and three days to set up before creating the incredible video.
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016.
President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
He said on Tuesday during the Easter Prayer Breakfast: 'I start tearing up in the middle of the day and I can't explain it, why am I so sad?'
TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or Coutts bank account necessary.
From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts.
Barcelona defeated Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have now scored 102 goals this season.
Messi scored twice, including one from the penalty spot, Suarez scored two and Neymar also netted in the rout.
British No 2 Aljaz Bedene crashed out of Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca.
Bedene's conqueror Jiri Vesely saw off Bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four.
Vesely will play Spanish veteran Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side.
Mr Palani’s identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave girls.
Cousins Kelly McKay, 15, and Payge Olds, 16 rushed 300m down the beach to the scene where Payge managed to undress the fastest and swim 70 metres out to sea to rescue the man.
The incident happened near Burdan's Gate in Eastbourne, Wellington Harbour, at 10:30pm on Monday night.
Tortoise escapes becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell.
The baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls.
Charlotte Roach, 26, nearly died in a horror car crash in 2010.
She and business partner Rosemary Pringle vowed to wear only fancy dress costumes.
The pair dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent to raise money.
Charlotte, co-founder of fitness company Rabble, owes Air Ambulance her life.
Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets.
The hydraulic crane also recovered 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy.
Kristi read from one of the messages: 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic)'
The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. Cover up or take time off. The Group'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
The striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone, means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain.
Vlad Tarasov couldn't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables.
The 71-year-old has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003.
There were fears he would not be able to finish the event after the 91km fourth stage, when he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition.
He remains jailed with no bond, and court records listed no attorney for him.
Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semis on Friday.
Charlie Colckett's deflected shot gave the Blues the lead.
Dominic Solanke then scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham scored.
Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria.
It means he suffers from terrible sunburn when exposed to direct sunlight.
He has to wear a long-sleeved shirt, trousers, and gloves in all weather.
His condition can also flare up when he is inside, so his parents have installed specially dimmed windows to block out the sun's rays.
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived 40ft off Appley Bridge Quarry, Wigan, in 2012.
Her family were told she would almost lose her legs if she didn't pull through.
Natalie had several operations, including metal plating in her ankle.
Doctors managed to save her legs, but she was unable to walk or stand.
In August 2013, she gave birth to her third child, Scarlett, now 19 months.
Mother-of-three is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public.
UEFA have published Champions League regulations for next season.
Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb have been locked in a legal battle with the local town hall.
They purchased the luxury bed and breakfast in Jimena de la Frontera in 2008.
When they tried to sell the town hall ruled that the alterations, including a swimming pool, were illegal.
The Jubbs said they obtained a certificate stating there were no planning infractions when they bought the property.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia.
The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources.
According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year.
Gary Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space'
Harrison Coogan and Hunter Coker, both 18, and Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, 19, told police they were heading to Gulf Shores for spring break celebrations.
The Louisiana State University students were found with nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine.
James May said viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'
Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of abuse.
Show will be stripped of all BBC branding and presented as 'Clarkson, Hammond and May Live'
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 to book place in May's play-offs.
Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match of the Betway Premier League.
Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall.
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation.
But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed.
They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs.
Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi challenge.
Players aim to sink balls into convertible Audi's from long range.
Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win over the pair.
Manchester United face Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal has revealed he is set to meet Sir Alex Ferguson soon.
Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race, but he says the top-four battle is not over either.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers knows defeat at Arsenal could end their top four bid.
Earl Arthur Olander was found with his hands tied behind his back.
The 90-year-old lived alone in a home in rural Minnesota.
Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
Neighbours described him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model.
Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com, Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com.
Sandals, £34, office.co.uk.
Bright yellow gatso had enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists in Birmingham.
It has not been working for two years after every fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy.
Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19 and turn up the heat on owner Mike Ashley.
A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports, in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd.
Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players have been encouraged to take part indemonstrations held both before and after the game at St James' Park.
AshleyOut.com has been set up by the same supporters behind Sack Pardew campaign earlier in
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool.
She noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle.
The woman kicked him and he then disappeared.
Pictures are thought to be connected to a similar incident at the same pool.
Filipe Luis says he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The full back signed a three-year contract at Stamford Bridge last July.
Atletico Madrid are considering re-signing Luis in the summer.
Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet in Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career.
The 33-year-old has regularly been booed by his own supporters.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country.
Dubai's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm, which has seen visibility drops to less than 500 meters.
In Abu Dhabi, a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility.
Airports are often cited as the worst in the world, but some are worse than others.
From long queues for security, to paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal, the allegations against these well-known airports are varied.
Los Angeles International Airport is America's second busiest airport, beaten only by Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta international airport.
The Surfers Paradise Meter Maids started in 1965.
It was the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey.
The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters.
But local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg criticised the Briton after the race.
The 29-year-old claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel in his Ferrari.
Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner.
His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'
Fern Britton revealed how close she came to suicide following divorce.
Mother-of-four had first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life.
The 57-year-old said she knew the marriage was never right, but remembers the time after the divorce being particularly bleak.
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home.
He has been abandoned by the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, since he was found.
The breed has become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones.
There are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level.
Includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre.
Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town.
When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop.
Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott'
Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes'
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe.
It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
After trekking through the beautiful Spelunca Gorge, Wendy took a cab to Porto where a 16th Century Genoese tower stands guard over the harbour.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, of Washington D.C., was arrested on Wednesday, according to police.
She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California costs more than any other major festival.
Headliners such as AC/DC, Jack White, Florence and the Machine and Madonna pay an average of £187 per day according to Travel money specialist No.1 Currency.
England’s Glastonbury, running June 24 to 28, is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost.
Huma Abedin, 38, and husband Anthony Weiner, both wore baseball caps at Tortaria in New York on Saturday afternoon.
Weiner, a disgraced former congressman, ordered the family's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call.
Their restaurant of choice was two doors down from popular fast food favorite Chipotle.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services.
On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B.
Lack of natural light is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from.
He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn.
Swansea host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm)
Angel Rangel in line for first Swansea start for over two months.
Jefferson Montero could make the bench after suffering hamstring injury.
Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton with a hamstring problem.
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner.
She claims the man working at Sam the Butcher called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up.
But the butcher who was working at the shop denies any claims he swore at or abused the young woman.
The butcher said he simply wanted her out of the shop and did not swear at or abuse her at any stage.
Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta.
Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance despite cold and wet conditions.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show.
Had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Southern California Walmart on April 5 around 8.45am.
The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas.
He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel at 6.26am and took out $800 in cash before stopping at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga.
Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters after Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury.
Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first.
Rafael Nadal will play David Ferrer and top-ranked Novak Djokovic will face Marin Cilic.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade.
Eagle-eyed Twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of Hurricane Sandy in Milford, Connecticut, USA.
The video of a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney’s Opera House was nothing but a hoax – even when it started trending for a second time.
Fabio Lovato proposed to his girlfriend Laura Knight in the Cineworld in Gloucester.
He then got down on one knee and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend.
The one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words, 'Laura I have a questions for you'
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked for diving during Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday.
The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Rayo defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
But Real's appeals committee decided that he had been unfairly punished at the Estadio de Vallecas.
Ronaldo will start against Eibar at the Bernabeu on Saturday.
The Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK are the two largest studies into the effects of HRT.
Both found strong evidence that HRT increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers.
Women who are using combined HRT have double the risk of cancer compared to non-users.
And if women use HRT for more than 10 years, their risks are even higher.
Union barons gave more than £700,000 to Labour in second week of campaign.
Overall, Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12.
More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512.
Most of the Tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000.
There's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in Hawaii or beneath the Eiffel Tower.
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked.
Patients at Wolfson Children's Hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the Jacksonville Humane Society shelter.
The system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Hilti DD350 drill was used to cut through wall of secured vault in London.
Gang raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins.
Police are offering £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction.
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company is housed in seven-storey building.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses.
The puppy Shibu Inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion.
Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
People standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer.
A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years.
The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.
Andrew Anderson, 43, accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to floor.
He'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of pallet in Manchester.
But she grabbed same one at same time - and suffered injuries.
Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court cleared him of any wrongdoing.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut.
The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom.
Prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their California home the night of August 28, 2009.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago.
He joined H and G Contracting Services Ltd as plane refueller in 2007.
The 60-year-old joined the company three decades after he was medically discharged.
His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes.
In 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later.
Nedum Onuoha has 15 months left on his QPR contract.
The centre-back has played regularly under Chris Ramsey.
Onuoha was in the starting eleven for QPR's 4-1 win over West Brom.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake station.
Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was allegedly murdered in February.
A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
Usain Bolt has revealed he wants to smash his own 200-metre world record by running the distance in under 19 seconds.
Six-time Olympic gold medallist is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital.
Bolt ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin and is confident he could shave two tenths off that time.
Next has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels.
It also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank.
One of Next's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone.
The 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead.
He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said.
Two boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families.
One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, 15.
Munshi recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised Muslims.
He was jailed for two years under the Terrorism Act in 2008.
The pair are thought to have boarded a Thomas Cook flight from Manchester Airport to Dalaman in Turkey on March 31.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is a growing movement based on ancient Eastern traditions of meditation.
Over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the MBCT group compared to 47 per cent for the medication group.
This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National.
Click HERE for the first part of our countdown, featuring videos of shots from the likes of Nick Faldo, Louis Oosthuizen and the late, great Seve Ballesteros.
Tories claim Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as PM because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said he is a 'backstabber' who can't be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with the SNP.
Tories pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident.
Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be key demand of any new power-sharing deal.
Mr Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the 'ideological gimmicks' of Mr Gove, who was the first Tory Education Secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012.
But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
The 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it'
She was then placed in handcuffs and taken into custody to await her sentence next month.
Manny Pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with Floyd Mayweather on May 3.
Pacquiao has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes on the GMA Network.
He is being pursued for £33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected congressman and if he ran for president would win by a landslide.
Lara Logan, 43, was sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square while reporting on the Egyptian protests in February 2011.
She was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 Egyptian soldiers.
A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the reporter had been hospitalized.
Logan is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
Friday is also Sukumaran's 34th birthday which could well be his last as the pair contemplate the prospect of facing a firing squad on Execution Island in Java.
The talented artist's birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters.
Meanwhile, the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates.
Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers revealed that the Italian striker had taken a'slight knock' in training on Friday.
The £16million striker would have been a substitute against the Gunners.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite.
Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses.
Unite led campaign against use of zero-hours contracts, which it says amount to 'exploitation'
Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
Although the scientific paper is yet to be published, the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out.
Many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC.
The 54-year-old was sacked from Top Gear just last month.
Clarkson's final scenes will be aired this summer, she said.
Shillinglaw refused to say who would be replacing Clarkson.
Asked if it would be a woman, said female candidates were being considered.
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives'
He said a vote for Ukip would be equal to a 'vote for Ed Miliband'
Mr Johnson also urged Labour and Liberal Democrat voters to rally behind the Tories in Thanet and defeat the Ukip leader.
The intervention signals that the Tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority Labour government.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer.
Rooney has played under a number of big names for club and country during his career.
The England skipper has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way' and has to be his own person.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Stancil, who had a knife with him, was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance.
The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane.
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera.
The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device.
It was loaded, focused and ready to take a photograph at around six feet away.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds.
He beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race.
Dathan Ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men's race and the first American in at an unofficial 2:11:20, followed by last year's winner, Meb Keflezighi, in 2:12:42.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb.
The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying embryos created through IVF.
A healthcare worker who recently returned from West Africa has been taken to a hospital after displaying symptoms which could be the deadly Ebola virus.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing.
She did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of Istanbul.
Yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph.
He documents his work to his Instagram account, which has over 50,000 followers.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for Manchester City.
Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up'
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton.
Robin van Persie replaced Rooney in the closing stages of the game.
Van Gaal fears the defeat has allowed Liverpool to apply pressure to United in the race for fourth.
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch.
The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts.
They will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969, six months into his presidency.
Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China's Anyang City.
Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible.
Several DEA agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in Bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report.
This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
Fannie Randle, who has worked at the University of Southern California sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home.
The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party.
But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes'
Allegations include an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen.
More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers.
Another school investigated, Alston Primary, was already in special measures.
Scottish First Minister said Labour leader Ed Miliband would soon 'change his tune'
Miliband insists he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal.
But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation.
A Sensitive Needs Housing Unit can be found inside Level IV maximum-security facilities and is set to protect former members from the gangs.
Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment 'promptly'
The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers.
Moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to Iran in 2010 after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear programme.
Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 test debut on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015.
Mick signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March.
Pupils' excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, says NASUWT.
Some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing ‘hyperactivity’ and an ‘inevitable crash’ later.
Teaching union is working with national drug and alcohol charity, Swanswell.
In 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment.
Schuller, who preached in a flowing purple robe and outsized aviator glasses, suffered a mild heart attack in 1997 but was quickly back on the pulpit, saying 'the positive person' is not afraid of life's surprises.
Auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday.
One vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
The voluntary rescue unit, Hibiscus Rescue and North Shore Rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the teenager.
The father-of-one asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts, Durham Crown Court was told.
Maung was jailed for 18 months for the attack, which took place in 2012.
He has been suspended from practice and faces a General Medical Council investigation.
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east of more than 20 years after slashing over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million.
The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago.
It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers.
Rescues made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow he had sex with.
Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow.
FA chairman Greg Dyke has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving.
England C, which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979, is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough.
Fairclough selects from players outside the Football League aged 23 and under.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts a week before heist.
They also claim to have heard ‘drilling’ noises on the evening of Good Friday.
But they thought this was simply a continuation of road works.
It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery.
Clare Van Santen was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005.
It has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
The mother-of-five is currently battling terminal breast cancer.
She has thrown her support behind Breast Cancer's Buying Time campaign which aims to raise money to fund more breast cancer nurses.
Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year.
It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums.
Supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways.
In an open letter to Kidman, the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador.
Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
We got a sneak peek at Zac Efron's hot bod as well as his new film, Bad Grandpa, on Tuesday.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr after being left baffled by questions.
Mr Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Major’s election soapbox.
But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ‘the NHS is dying’
Gisele, 34, was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil, wearing a selection of summery ensembles.
Mother-of-two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia.
Named Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite.
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago.
The squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building, such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm.
Other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman.
She captured the critter’s creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick.
The seven-second video shows the primate sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker.
Emma Forbes, 49, bought £27m London mansion for cash in February.
Four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week.
The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division.
Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice.
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with cancer.
Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell at the club.
Pep Guardiola won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season.
Arsenal must make a swift decision or risk losing out on the keeper.
The Gunners are long-term admirers of Cech and are considering a move for the keeper ahead of next season.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer.
Castleford winger Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
Carney did not suffer a break as first feared.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-a-week at Liverpool.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes Sterling should be paid more.
Sterling scored his first goal for England during 4-0 win against Lithuania.
Gloucestershire Police called to unregistered road between A417 and Cowley.
Driver followed sat nav and ended up losing roof in air between hedge and tree.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central.
He is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page licking a female friend's breasts.
Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko'
Malky Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November.
Wigan lost 2-0 at home against Derby County on Monday night.
Mackay is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages to former head of recruitment Iain Moody.
The Scot remains under investigation by the FA.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming.
He answered bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham on Thursday.
Johnson will now appear in Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20.
Julie Creffield was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18.
She completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous races since.
Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size.
The new policy allows for an American traveler to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list.
In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns.
The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Tommy Cox, from Colchester, Essex, has the same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile.
His mother – whose name is Kate – is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince’s lookalike.
Ronnie Tran and his mother kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington.
The 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties.
She was then driven with her son to a house in Fife and tied to a cupboard.
Police said Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton at 9am yesterday.
Michael Slager, 33, fired eight shots at the back of Walter Scott, 55, during a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday.
Slager's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force, but swiftly dropped him after the dead man's family released a bystander's video of the shooting.
Many said police in South Carolina's third-largest city routinely dismiss complaints of petty brutality and harassment, even when eyewitnesses can attest to police misbehavior.
Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby.
Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions on Sky Sports.
Carragher: 'I can’t understand why any player would feel the need to do that'
West Brom were open to bids of £20million for Saido Berahino in January.
The 21-year-old has said he wants to play European football.
Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the England striker.
Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10.
They gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours.
The game was designed to test our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task.
Children consuming diets higher in saturated fats exhibited longer reaction time during the task condition requiring greater amounts of cognitive flexibility.
Russian YouTuber Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia.
The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide.
In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda.
It also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made.
But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick.
The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie.
That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during the second-half.
Puncheon sarcastically clapped in the direction of City's travelling supporters.
Blackburn were knocked out of the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday.
Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest.
Bowyer has rejected bids for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the last two transfer windows.
RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history.
RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on Tuesday.
The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortions'
Abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester.
Saturday Night Live skewered the news that Hillary Clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week.
The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me'
The pair decide to record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable.
The service records belonging to two of Edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago.
The records belong to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia.
Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations?
Use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own.
Score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is believed to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar.
The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club.
He struggled to return from a persistent knee injury that troubled him.
Puyol could join up with Frank Lampard in the States or with Xavi, who is expected to move to Qatar with Al-Sadd.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a Purple Heart.
The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of abusing his position of power.
Allegedly raped and molested 11 young women who wanted to join forces.
Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro, 21, has proved a hit on social media.
Has already been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' by Miami fashion crowd.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Decorations feature in many of the shop windows in the Scottish town.
Local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting.
Jose Mourinho is the best in Premier League history at shutting out opponents.
He beats Rafa Benitez in the clean sheets record and average of goals conceded.
Roberto Mancini edged out Sir Alex Ferguson by 0.1 per cent.
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in Arsenal U21's 1-0 defeat by Reading at the Emirates Stadium.
Wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players including Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposed onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family.
Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising, or 'glorifying' abuse and brutality.
Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring.
Finch sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL.
The 28-year-old has never played Test cricket and was not included in the Australia squad for June's series in West Indies or the Ashes tour.
Over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents.
Artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving new art installation in tribute to those who have lost loved ones to the substance.
The installation is made up of two huge glass boxes, inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden.
She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds.
West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
The victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's.
In a leaked memo from the firm's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief said that customers won't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store 'through the month of May'
It was expected to launch on 24 April.
But the memo was seen by Rhiannon Williams at The Telegraph.
Giant turnip is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown.
Mr Li said he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix.
The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for the Diamond League event on June 7.
Farah will compete in the first time he's competed over 1,500m since 2013.
Tracey Cox says Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing.
There are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably.
Gwyneth openly praised Jennifer Lawrence when he dated Chris.
Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen.
Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage.
The famously liberal justice, 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
Ginsburg, who has sat on the court since 1993, has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases.
Rappers Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night.
Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday.
He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire.
Officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show.
Sarah Jewell, 25, is still living and breathing, a fact she proved when, after the IRS told her to contact her local Social Security office in Sparta, she walked right in and announced 'I'm alive!'
The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
Gary Mabbutt woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold.
The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb.
He underwent an emergency five-hour operation at King's College Hospital.
Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Private jet is a growing industry, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the US in 2013 and 705,000 in Europe.
Most expensive airport is Haneda Airport, also known as Tokyo International Airport, where planes are charged a whopping £4,559 ($6,850) for the privilege of landing.
Boris Milat revealed how his brother, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver.
The 17-year-old was sentenced to life in prison for his brother's first crime.
Mr Milat also lied to protect Alan Dillon, who was jailed for five years.
'Ivan shot this bloke in the back,' Mr Milat told the program.
A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers.
Police in Surrey have released CCTV of two men who broke into a petrol station.
They stripped off their tops before attempting to rob the Esso filling station in Caterham.
The bare-chested men forced their way into the manager's office looking for cash.
Police hope the images will lead to calls from the public identifying them.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger.
It happened on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney.
Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution.
Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town.
The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in 138-ball innings.
Lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Floyd Mayweather is one of the highest-paid fighters in the world.
The undefeated boxer has earned more than $400million in his career.
He has a vast collection of cars, private jets and jewellery.
Sportsmail looks at his extravagant purchases via social media.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with Joan Kagezi.
Kagezi was killed in front of her children days before Al-Shabaab trial.
He was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years and awarded huge payout.
Case was championed by Muslim human rights charity CAGE.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old.
He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her.
But his granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
The man was located after Operation Resolve launched the appeal on Thursday.
It was in the hope supporters might be able to supply crucial evidence for inquest.
Police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as the images are 26 years old.
The appeal was launched on behalf of the Coroner Sir John Goldring.
Ninety-six people were killed at the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old Vincent Viafore.
The couple, who had been together for many years, were kayaking on the Hudson River between Plum Point and Bannerman’s Island at around 7.30pm April 19.
Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak. She was later picked up by a boater.
Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at ASU, was arrested on domestic violence charges last month.
His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car March 7.
The 19-year-old held a press conference on Tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent, and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, has Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin'
His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that won't heal.
He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
Unless a cure is found, he will likely only live to 25.
Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson and followed her inspirational story of cancer survival.
But Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses.
Campbell joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception.
In a magazine interview, Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea made the time to meet some sick supporters.
The trio met the fans at their training complex as part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day'
Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish.
Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli’s advantage.
Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the Partenopei just minutes after coming on.
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal.
Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman.
Mr Aikman was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago.
He has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs.
John Updegraff and Karen Szewc started breeding dogs in 2002.
The dogs would bark until 5am and throughout the day outside the property just 300 feet from the Kreins.
On Thursday a judge at Jackson County Circuit Court ruled the animals were not suited to the role.
Border collies Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice Bergen, now 68, reveals she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown.
Fifty-Six – The Story of the Bradford Fire is being serialised in The Guardian.
Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes.
Image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'
Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not.
Steven Gerrard hopes his Liverpool career will end at Wembley.
Gerrard's final game as a Liverpool player will come in the league against Crystal Palace on May 16.
Losing to Aston Villa in Sunday’s semi-final will take time to get over.
Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew.
Lower deck area aims to maximise sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest.
Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual in-flight entertainment and air conditioning.
The semi-detached house in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years.
Features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned.
The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen and a brick open-face fire.
Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day.
Bomb threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening.
Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time.
A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League table.
Europa League football is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players.
Christian Eriksen says the lure of qualifying outweigh the negatives.
Tottenham have been linked with Florian Thauvin and Andriy Yarmolenko.
Shirts feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!'
Shirts in question are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle, Look Human and North Shore Shirts.
The robotic hands are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors.
They can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat.
Hannah McWhirter engaged in a threesome with co-worker Dionne Clark.
She even exchanged texts with the couple after their hookup.
But when Mr Clark told her boyfriend she claimed she had been raped.
McWherter has now admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back.
Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013.
Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4.
New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Suzy Howlett, 54, has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over their spelling, punctuation and grammar.
In one section they promise Ukip will 'take back control of our boarders'
She wrote in red: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19.
She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then.
Nits are masters of disguise - it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals.
The Czech will face Andy Murray in a rematch of their Australian Open semi-final.
Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday.
He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle.
The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday.
Australian Rugby Union chief executive Bill Pulver said the loss of Mr Tooth was 'incredibly sad'
Miliband has been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly.
But that didn't prevent him from coming top in the sex appeal stakes.
Fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie'
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission revoked Get Rid of Sids Project's charity status on Wednesday.
The organisation is run by Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger.
Dr Tenpenny cancelled her remaining talks due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
Her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by Australian doctors and venues.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children.
They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the southern coast of the Italian mainland.
The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday.
Molly Parks, 24, was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire with a needle still in her arm.
Days later, her father, Tom Parks, wrote an obituary openly discussing her struggle with drugs in a bid to prevent others from losing their lives.
'She made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs,' it reads.
Saige, five, declared she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend.
She tells her mother: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!'
Her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter.
Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Pep Guardiola's side travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal.
Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba were all injured.
Bayern have a 10-point advantage over the Bundesliga leaders.
Kyle Walker sustained the injury during the 0-0 draw with Burnley.
There were fears the England defender may have fractured his foot.
Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture.
More tests are planned this week.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store.
The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs.
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible.
There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said on Thursday.
Experts last month used an autonomous underwater vehicle called the Echo Ranger made by Boeing to survey the shipwreck.
Leicester defeated West Brom 3-2 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns.
Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining West Brom in January.
Craig Gardner put his side back in the lead six minutes later.
Experts predict a modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m.
Most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs.
However, the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term, especially if the child turns out to be a girl.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, had only met earlier that night.
They were locked in an airtight vault at a former bank building in Cardiff.
Pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low.
Eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls.
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour.
The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House.
They were rushed to St Vincent's Hospital but are now stable.
One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police.
Essex and Gloucestershire have created 'loneliness maps' to tackle loneliness.
It shows areas with large numbers of over-65s, people living alone and people suffering from mental illness.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, was arrested on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint.
Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts.
The Dallas Safari Club is paying for Gibson's funeral.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project.
The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as Tracy Emin and David Walliams.
Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in the new pool.
Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has 115,000 Instagram followers.
Her mother Schye Fox started posting cute photos of her online.
The toddler from Warriewood, in northern Sydney, originally set up an Instagram account when she was two months old.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests.
Front row attendees were given a personalised Lenovo tablet with wallpaper bearing their name.
Celebrities including Lindy Klim, and Jordan and Zac Stenmark were pictured fawning over their customised Lenovo tablets.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has pledged to give each of the 100 Saudi pilots a Bentley.
He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted.
Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago.
Kim Roberts, 58, worked for Countess of Bathurst, 87, in Cotswolds.
She helped herself to the riches, which included a sketch by Picasso.
Her haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing.
Harold Henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November.
Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier.
Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness.
Henthorn is fighting for a $1.5million pay out from the policy taken out in July 2001 on the grounds that he needs the money to pay for his attorney for the forthcoming murder trial scheduled to begin next month.
Shay Mitchell's Instagram is more like a top travel blog than a diary of a Hollywood starlet.
Julie Falconer's account, A Lady in London, showcases the best of the English capital.
Adventure photographer Joe Greer posts breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million Gulfstream G650 to replace his damaged aircraft.
The wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work.
Dollar is one of the most prominent African-American preachers in the United States.
Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings.
Manager James Hannaway, who restored and reopened the cinema in 2004, announced the decision on the company's website.
Mr Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed - and allow users to see more.
Firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their Instagram user name in their profile.
The firm has also used Facebook to boost its'mutual friends' feature.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen.
As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes.
Burton Albion beat Morecambe 2-1 to confirm promotion to League One.
Lucas Akins scored both goals for Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side.
Shrewsbury are one win away from a return to the Championship.
Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins.
Mark O'Meara shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on Sunday.
Billy Joe Patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest Masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with Sam Snead and Ben Hogan.
Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville.
Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home.
The 18-year-old tabby was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later.
He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill, who found the tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week, posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
George Clooney married British lawyer Amal Alamuddin in 2014.
The couple chose Venice as the place to get married.
Guests included Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon, U2 lead singer Bono and U2's Anna Wintour.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a move away from Liverpool.
The defender has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds.
Skrtel's contract at Anfield expires in 2016.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty in May 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately.
A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence.
Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience.
Where Chefs Eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations.
Love Food Hate Waste alerts you to duplicate buys.
iFood plus is a complete shopping and meal planning app.
Smartmeal calculates nutritional values of almost 350 foods.
Barcelona beat Getafe 3-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring with a cheeky Panenka penalty.
Neymar captioned the photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!'
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night.
Patrice Evra believes the Italians called upon quintessential Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals.
The former Manchester United full back believes that Ligue 1's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering.
A 1921 application form to join the racist Ku Klux Klan has emerged.
It asks ‘are you of the white race or of a colored race?’
The form was purchased at an ephemera show – where collectibles are sold.
At the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution.
'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement.
Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762.
In testifying before the grand jury, Bonds claimed he didn't realize substances he used were illegal performance-enhancing drugs.
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment.
He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final.
David Villa joined New York City FC from Vicente Calderon last season.
Villa is enjoying life in New York and has been named club captain.
Carnival Spirit has been stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather.
The ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the NSW coast.
Waves of nine metres have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride.
Robin van Persie Snr posted a video of his son Shaqueel scoring.
The seven-year-old performed a'scorpion kick' in his back garden.
He has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography.
The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
Laptops and mobile phones were seized from his home, while photos and videos of two females were also discovered on a storage device and a computer allegedly belonging to Cobb.
James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District.
His Herdwick sheep are built for the fells in ways that even the hardiest shepherds are not.
With starkly effective prose, he evokes the horror of the 2001 foot-and-mouth outbreak.
Memphis Depay has held talks with PSV Eindhoven this week.
Liverpool and Manchester United have both expressed an interest in the winger.
Manchester United have informed PSV of their wish to hold talks with the player.
Depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the'respect he deserves'
The Spaniard returns to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday against Chelsea.
Wenger wants'respect' for the club's former players when he returns.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon.
Eden Hazard put Chelsea ahead from the penalty spot in the first half.
Charlie Adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time.
Stoke continued to make things difficult for Chelsea until an Asmir Begovic error led to Loic Remy tapping in the winner.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night.
The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4.
It will take place at City’s 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium in the shadow of the main Etihad Stadium and part of their £200m Etihad Campus that opened last year.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville.
Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot on Monday.
The pair won on One Lucky Lady at Kempton on Tuesday.
The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, is a part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve.
On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the clip, the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs.
During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample.
Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
The cancer diagnosis was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday.
In the trailer, Depp is completely transformed for the role.
He looks several years older, with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue.
Looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life.
Well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby.
But there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn.
Mothers often get a stream of visitors in the months after giving birth.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi.
The European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks.
A string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff, will also be investigated.
More than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling.
Debenhams found on average the second born has over £500 less spent on them in the first 12 months, than the first sibling who is showered with attention.
The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford.
The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle.
Kent firefighters were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season.
Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy, but that is the unwanted fate that will meet the 42-year-old at the end of this term.
The Reds' hopes of a top four spot seem remote as they trail fourth-placed Manchester City by seven points.
Emmanuel Sithole was brutally attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg.
He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner.
Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life but his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart.
Grey and white cat Marv got stuck in gap between two garages in Bristol.
Owner Brendon Veale's garage was next to his neighbours in Hanham.
RSPCA were unable to coax the pet from the five inch gap.
Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from neighbour's wall.
The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte set up here in 1806.
This cobbled part of town is home to private galleries and unassuming cafes.
HanTing is the latest Michelin star in town and the best place for Indonesian cuisine.
Australian internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film.
Internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
The ruling means the Hollywood studio can now go after each individual to claim compensation.
A man driving to work in Alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week.
That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest.
The women of the University of Southern California tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on Thursday by winning the PAC-12 championship.
USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4.
Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West arrived in Jerusalem on Monday for the baptism of their daughter, North West.
The family fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City.
Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Sinn Fein president made comments on US television about Jean McConville.
He said incidents like her murder happened 'in every single conflict'
The comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten.
She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in Belfast.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
The mega-fight is billed as the biggest pay-per-view in sport.
Boxing legend Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing bouts.
Tyson is responsible for the first and second most economically inefficient fights.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular call' for drivers.
Wolff says the team will not have it all their own way this season.
Mercedes have won two of the three Formula One races so far.
Lewis Hamilton has come under fire from team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, discovered by hotel staff face down in bath.
Believed she had been lying for four days, according to reports.
Husband, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel on the day she is believed to have died.
He told hotel managers at the time that his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home.
Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs.
Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria, in March.
They found hens with broken beaks, mangled beaks and poor conditions.
Two weeks earlier health officials inspected the farm, but gave it the all clear.
However, several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board.
Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes.
Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in the Camborne and Redruth constituency.
He objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin.
Ms Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow.
She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you'
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday.
Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal.
Austria defender has impressed Mauricio Pochettino's side this season.
Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join Spurs this summer.
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday.
The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
But on Sunday they set another record as losers of the last five derbies.
They played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player.
Farrend Rawson played in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly.
They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished.
Jay Hart was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager's dugout.
The 24-year-old could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage.
He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt.
His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley's Seel Park stadium.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April.
The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill.
His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
John Doyle, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road.
Businessman Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over crossing point without slowing.
Mr Doyle tapped lollipop stick on roof of BMW as it hurtled past.
Rustemi then returned minutes later in fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle.
He punched Mr Doyle in the chest causing him to fall over backwards.
The former pub landlord was taken to hospital where he was found to have suffered a fractured rib and a punctured lung.
Ben Morgan has not played since breaking his left leg against Saracens in January.
Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of playing in England's World Cup warm-up.
The 26-year-old last featured for England when he scored two tries against Australia five months ago.
A cache of documents, including the blueprints for an ISIS secret service, have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area.
Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader and self-declared caliph, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after
A man who died in Texas of the human version of mad cow disease last year likely contracted it from eating beef raised in Britain.
The extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the United States, led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
The driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur.
The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart.
They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later.
The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
John Carver insists he is enjoying his role at Newcastle.
The 50-year-old says he is getting the best out of the players.
Newcastle have won just two of their last five Premier League games.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.
Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues.
The puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures.
In a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters added.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike.
She has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon.
Stuart Dallas, Alan Judge and Jota scored for the Bees.
Bees manager Mark Warburton was delighted with his side's win.
Leeds were beaten 2-1 by Charlton at Elland Road on Saturday.
Mirappe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those to withdraw from the squad.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton.
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result.
Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday.
He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path.
Angela Buckler, 34, said cyclist rode off without showing any remorse.
Benny and Bjorn Abba sang 'At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender' in Eurovision song.
They paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, south of Brussels.
The British know what happened when Napoleon met his Waterloo.
But the French-speaking world is less convinced.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of period drama Poldark.
BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore confirmed that Turner’s broody Ross would return for another series.
About 8.1million people on average have watched each episode.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe created an Iron Man-style arm and hand.
It fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm.
In a video, the gadget is shown popping balloons and lighting matches.
The gadget was created by Wuppertal, Germany, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online.
He posts videos to YouTube as AnselmoFanZero and his Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths.
The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels.
The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest, which has been running since 2005.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception.
He opened a freedom saving account with St George Bank in 2010.
The 27-year-old spent the money on a number of expensive items.
His haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings.
Naunihal Singh woke up Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him with a kitchen knife.
Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over lack of children.
Ujjal accused Naunihals's son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks'
Real Sociedad took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty in the 31st minute.
Deportivo midfielder Jose Rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee Pedro Jesus Perez Montero pointing to the spot.
The home side's lead did not last long, however, as Deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute.
When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
Although he defied the odds last spring, driving on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Schmidt conquered a trickier task Sunday: navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in Long Beach.
Schmidt took to the course about an hour before the Grand Prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified Corvette C7 Stingray.
Mark Lippert said if North Korea improves human rights record it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world, including the U.S.
The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said the remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility.
'Lippert needs to drop the bad habit of rashly engaging in scheming chatter distorting the truth and instigating war by taking issue with us'
Henri Morris, 67, jailed for 10 years for 'calculated and choreographed' crime.
He was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012.
When his bags were searched they found his 'kit,' which included strong sedatives and Viagra.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket.
The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail.
Experts have voiced their bewilderment at the images of the discoloured fruit.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over 164ft drop.
The Welsh schoolboy was said to have been a'very competent skier and snowboarder' who had started skiing at the age of three.
His family described how he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in 2012.
He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel.
Doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil.
The father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January.
Arsenal host Liverpool at Anfield (12.45pm)
Everton host Southampton (3pm), Leicester City vs West Ham United.
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur (1.30pm), Sunderland vs Newcastle United (4pm)
Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013.
She sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
Johnson has claimed a supervisor at the restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051, research shows.
The huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants who usually come to this country during their young, child bearing years.
Campaigners fear this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS, and worsen the quality of life in Britain as a whole.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol.
He slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse wall.
Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment.
But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital.
Friend and club vice-chairman Ben Bennett said: 'It was just a tragic accident'
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face the Reds.
Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic.
It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
Former Labour minister Liam Byrne left the note to his successor in 2010.
It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards – and good luck! Liam'
Shadow chancellor said the note was just a 'jokey note'
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose seat to SNP.
He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge.
Leinster and Bath battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of the European Rugby Champions Cup.
Sportsmail's Nik Simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after two members of Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front took him hostage in Istanbul last week.
Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running 'terrorist propaganda' images, before blocking access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday.
Turkish Press Council said banning social media websites was in conflict with democracy.
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast.
Once in capital, they were allegedly molested by Establishment figures at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House.
Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings in London and Northern Ireland.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32.
Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager'
He also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me'
Leicester host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm)
Matt Upson is out for the Foxes after limping off against Tottenham.
Jeff Schlupp could be rested after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali.
Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry all miss out.
Colin Shearing, 70, failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced.
He had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order'
But he had crossed the Channel and booked a room at the Hotel des Nation in Paris.
Then moved to a second and third hotel to evade police.
Judge Huw Davies issued a European-wide warrant for Shearing's arrest.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following tip-off.
Customer called in cops after witnessing staff butchering dog to be served as pork dish.
Owner Yu Yu Chou said: 'The meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave South Africa.
The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing.
He has been blamed for sparking the xenophobic riots which has left at least seven dead in the last couple of weeks as it spreads from Durban to Johannesburg.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera.
Footage shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car.
The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km.
Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon migrants in Africa.
He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war.
Mr Miliband's remarks came amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the Middle East and North Africa.
Manny Pacquiao will fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2.
Top Rank boss Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for the fight have yet to be signed.
The Filipino's promoter says that the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed.
Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said that Arum 'isn't willing to live with the agreement'
The president opened his speech on the South Lawn by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion'
But then came the zinger: 'I usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the Patriots in town I was worried that 11 out of 12 of them would fall flat'
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus.
A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building.
Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture.
Court officers carrying out an eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and 9-year old Stephen Gage Berry.
Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed.
She also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children.
Council chiefs left red-faced after leaflet promoting recycling... could not itself be recycled.
The leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them but a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable'
A Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January.
It claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians.
The admin of the protest page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary'
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday.
Aaron Cresswell had given the home side an early lead.
Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser for the Hammers.
Luke Shambrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old.
The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing on Tuesday.
He has been comforted by his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and after suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found.
NBC hold the live rights to show matches Stateside and have more than doubled US interest in England’s elite division in the past two years.
In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live.
Last season that was 32 million — or more than one in 10 people in the US.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought groceries.
Melanie Buck, 33, from Bromley, south east London, is accused of killing him.
She is said to have become frustrated because food aisles were gridlocked.
When she could not get past Mr Buckley she exchanged heated words with him.
Long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month.
Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon.
Lewis Hamilton finished ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg in Bahrain.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
Nabeel Rajab has been charged with 'false' claims by Bahraini authorities.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq.
One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Rory McIlroy will take on Niall Horan on the eve of the Masters on Wednesday.
The Northern Irishman will be paired with a member of the boy band One Direction.
One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year Mcilroy won his first major.
McIlroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships in Sheffield.
The 20-year-old was at the Crucible to cheer on Shaun Murphy.
Januzaj has endured a frustrating season under Louis van Gaal.
Jon Hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to a 21-year-old pledge during a hazing ritual at the Sigma Nu fraternity in November 1990.
Hamm and seven other frat brothers allegedly beat him with a paddle and dragged him by his genitals during the ritual.
He was eventually charged with assault but managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom.
Summer Robertson from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in December near Kenton-on-Sea.
She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group.
But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore.
Another volunteer, 19-year-old Alice Barnett, from Canterbury in Kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts - with one spouse losing $100,000 to her.
House and her new husband Zackerie House, 27, have been accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black'
Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
Knight, the co-founder of Death Row Records, has denied killing Carter and trying to kill Cle.
Sloan describes how the pair exchanged blows at the scene in January.
He claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm)
Diego Costa may not be risked despite hamstring injury.
John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem.
Marc Muniesa set to return to Stoke squad after missing five games.
Ben Thurlow had been drinking heavily in Driffield town centre after splitting up with girlfriend.
The 23-year-old had planned to propose to Rebecca Hudson before discovering she had been unfaithful.
On the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over.
He was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with'
Comes amid warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom'
Polls suggest SNP are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager’s job.
But it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini.
Borussia Dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season with victory in Malaysia.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third.
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are likely to lead the way in China this weekend.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, in the capable hands of Californian Sherri Singleton.
Built as a coaching inn circa 1723, the hotel offers award-winning dining and accommodation.
Living Dead Clothing has been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week.
There are almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100.
Most popular items have been both the men's and women's rainmaker shirts and singlets, at $85 each and all but every design is all but sold out.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally murdered her mother with the help of her boyfriend in August.
She dumped the half-naked body in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort.
Mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years, a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn.
Meanwhile Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed on Wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23.
Investigators say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy.
Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary on April 6.
The affidavit painted a picture of a suspect who claimed she was pregnant, had furnished a home nursery with baby furniture and baby clothes and had either hosted or been the
Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the Apple Watch.
The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs £299 in the UK.
In the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax.
Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold.
California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero.
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled.
Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II, but because they were themselves victims of the Third Reich.
In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians, with many Polish priests, members of the intelligentsia and political resistance killed in Auschwitz and elsewhere.
Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, Arizona, with a rifle.
Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary.
Rozema was asked if Officer Michael Rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect Mario Valencia, 36.
The footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, took their own lives this week, less than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help.
Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off.
Quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night.
It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
Quake came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit the west Los Angeles neighborhood of Baldwin Hills.
Angel Di Maria has endured a mixed start to his Manchester United career.
The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford.
Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo which stands out strongly among others on his left arm.
Paul and Laura Elliott ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon.
The couple, from Clapham, London, raised £7,000 for Cancer Research UK.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago.
He ran the first half of the marathon separately before meeting half way round at St Katharine Docks for their evening reception.
Scott Quigg wants to fight Carl Frampton in Manchester on July 18.
Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion.
Frampton's promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer, claiming they were awaiting formal communication from Hearn’s Matchroom Sports.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees.
Selfie sticks' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns.
Prominent museums including the Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington prohibit their use.
Some English Premier League soccer teams make the devices off-limits, and the Australian Open tennis tournament discourages fans from using them court-side.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, appeared on This Morning.
They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation.
Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship.
Jane is keen to have a baby with Adam in the future too.
Memphis Depay looks set to leave PSV Eindhoven in the summer.
The Dutch international has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season.
Louis van Gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night.
Arsene Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season.
Wenger said it would be a'shame' for Burnley to go down.
Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe before half-time in Wear-Tyne derby.
Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher said Krul made a mistake.
Krul later defended his actions, saying: 'What I actually thought was more in the region of "what a lucky guy he is" but with a bit more venom behind it'
Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as West Texas.
Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday's'moderate risk' area between Wichita, Kansas, and Jefferson City, Missouri, but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds, large hail and possibly a tornado.
The couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44.
Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday.
Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have been cycling for 356 days since leaving London last year.
They have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) and been through 16 countries.
In that time they have been astonishingly living on less than three euros each a day, or 10 euro cents per kilometre.
Nick Clegg was given the option of moving family into grace-and-favour mansion.
But the move was vetoed by his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez.
Couple invited cameras into kitchen of £1.5m family home in south west London.
Mr Clegg quipped: 'Discussion's a rather grand word for Miriam basically saying no'
Georginio Wijnaldum has favourited a Sky Sports tweet linking him with a move to the Premier League in the summer.
Holland international has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season.
The 24-year-old admits he is happy in Eindhoven but wants to play in a stronger league than the Eredivisie.
Lib Dem leader urges rivals to help stop Salmond'strutting his stuff' in Westminster.
He hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting the Lib Dems who have held the seat for more than 30 years.
Mr Clegg was campaigning in Scotland, including a visit to a diving equipment manufacturer in Aberdeen.
Justin Rose is seven shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at the US Open.
The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under, sharing third place.
Rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to Spieth.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier.
Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible.
The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title.
The 27-year-old defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago, Illinois.
Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated, private 104-acre Belizean island, in 2005 for $1.75 million.
He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018.
The ambitious project will include villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, was once dubbed ‘Jabba the Hutt’ by bullies.
He became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year.
Was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame.
After his suicide attempt in September 2011, something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around.
Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone.
Tareq Kamleh has been hailed the 'new face' of the latest Islamic State propaganda videos.
The blue-eyed Australian doctor was reportedly a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'
Kamelh was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS.
He is believed to be in his late 20's and completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
Salford City beat Clitheroe Town 2-1 in the Evo-Stick League Northern Premier.
Gary Neville and Paul Scholes co-own the club with Gary Neville.
A draw at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become an outside possibility.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is '99.6 per cent done'
But the 30-year-old says the fine print of the terms and conditions has been 'a pain in the backside'
Hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium at this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
John Higgins beat Judd Trump 5-4 to reach quarter-finals of China Open.
Veteran Scot will face defending champion Ding Junhui in last eight.
World No 1 Mark Selby beat David Gilbert 5-2 in low-quality clash.
John Potter, from Savannah, forged the picture with his brother in the 1980s.
Put it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog.
He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society.
It became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image.
Lib Dems have admitted they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power.
Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains.
But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book.
Ms Dodds said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken.
The 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media, with almost one million followers on social media.
David Billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital.
Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue.
Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm.
The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it and he has to go to hospital to have it shaved.
TV presenter says women are only of average intelligence and men are'very, very bright or very thick'
Starkey also hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims'
Chris Tremlett backs Kevin Pietersen to make an international comeback.
Pietersen has not played for England since England's disastrous Ashes tour in 2013.
The 34-year-old's England career went up in smoke during the 2013-14 Ashes series.
Former Great British Bake Off contestant, Iain Watters, is back to revive Easter classic, the Simnel cake.
Packed with moist fruit and marzipan, Simnel has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter.
Actress Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43.
Duncan's daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one to find her after a suicide attempt.
The Cop Shop actress is also famous for her Ajax Spray'n'Wipe ad.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL season.
Gayle posted a picture of himself behind some DJ decks on Tuesday.
The 35-year-old will be hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore win first-ever IPL crown this year.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after poor showing in Europe.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at last 16 stage.
Simeone says there are no English clubs left in the Champions League.
Real have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon last week.
'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program.
The full interview is set to air Thursday.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate tensions with Argentina over the ownership of the islands.
After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the island.
The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a'very live threat' from Argentina.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success.
Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
It didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy as the world No 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth.
Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both hailed Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak.
The Slovenian made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday.
Simeone also did not want to put the blame on Sergio Ramos for an incident which saw Mario Mandzukic left with a bloodied face.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary.
The 39-year-old was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport.
Home Office letter says he is an extremist linked to Al Muhajiroun.
Chef Albert Roux has been wining and dining a string of blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Cheryl Roux, last year.
The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce – former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
Scientists at the University of Bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual students.
They asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people.
Sober subjects and those who had 'had a few too many' were rated as far less attractive than a 'tipsy' subject.
But too much booze led to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions.
AleXsandro Palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work.
He asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media.
In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera.
The terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport, sea port and oil terminal in southern Yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province.
It came amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London.
Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, made the side for the third straight season.
Sergio Aguero, scorer of 21 goals this term, replaces Diego Costa up front.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing.
Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park in southeast Victoria.
The wombat turned around and gave the wombat a little crack on the nose after it seemingly got a little too close for comfort.
James and Hope Ben Canaan last month declared they were living in a 'false system' and left the Gloriavale Christian Community.
Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject birth control.
The Ben Canaans' close supporters have closed ranks around the family, who last month thanked the community for their support and requested privacy in order to'settle into our new lives' in Timaru.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was abducted from her Caboolture home at 6am on Tuesday.
She contacted a relative but police still have serious concerns for her welfare.
Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth.
The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core.
And the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon.
It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Jurgen Klopp wants to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
The German manager believes he has taken the club as far as he can.
Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, are on alert.
Oscar has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks.
The Brazil international has struggled to make an impact for Chelsea this season.
Juventus and Liverpool are continuing to monitor developments.
Brazil coach Carlos Dunga has advised them to buy Oscar.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed.
She bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her backyard in Melbourne.
The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm cut on her finger.
It is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in Australia's highest court.
Izzy has been housed by the RSPCA since it was seized two years ago.
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire.
As he tended victim Alan Tretheway, 67, Mr Bell was struck by Toyota.
Mother-of-three Iram Shahzad pleaded guilty to causing Mr Bell’s death.
She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Bayern are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba.
Muller believes his team's unity is stronger ahead of the game.
Claudia Winkleman replaced Sir Bruce Forsyth as co-host of Strictly.
The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated.
Sir Bruce and Tess Daly failed to achieve a nomination from the show.
It comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter recovered.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed.
MacFarlane shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night.
In the shot, Mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life.
The severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
However, they did not know exactly where the storm was going to form.
The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle.
It then covered 150km south from Newcastle to Wollongong where a third of Australia’s population live.
Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his Brighton home in a bid to rescue his son Amer.
The 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra.
His two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year.
Kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days.
The 34-year-old works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband Kanye West.
For lunch and dinner, a professional chef will serve her dishes.
Miriam Clegg said MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after five years.
The Lib Dem leader's wife hit the campaign trail on her own today.
He said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone.
Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.
A wily coyote gave the New York Police Department the runaround for more than an hour on Tuesday morning after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church.
The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea.
After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging on-scene officers' attempts to catch
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto in January.
The 73-year-old aid worker and aid worker were used as a shield.
It has also been claimed they were used to shield an Al Qaeda leader.
US officials have not revealed specific individual that was targeted during attacks.
But said compound was hit because intelligence strongly suggested militants were inside.
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed for the Boston Globe on Tuesday, the two-year anniversary of his death.
They say Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives.
Last week a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line.
The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after new agent suggested he could leave Everton.
Agent Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku’s £28million move to Goodison Park last summer.
The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and could fetch up to £30,000 at auction.
They show everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern.
The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s.
Zoe Gregory, 26, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up school.
Teaching assistant Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held for 14 hours.
She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.
Another pupil, Vicky Francis, 15, was also arrested after police were told she had access to Holly’s email account.
Gregory is likely to receive a lengthy jail term after admitting to communicating false information.
Banksy believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year, leaving behind four murals.
Painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza.
St Mirren beat Celtic 1-0 at St Mirren Park in the SPL on Friday night.
Stuart Armstrong started the game with a couple of heavy touches but his pass to Kris Commons was perfectly weighted.
James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teale’s heart with a second half tap-in.
Stefan Johansen later converted from the penalty spot.
President Barack Obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay, lesbian and transgender youth.
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn.
Rhiannon Langley has 189,000 followers on Instagram.
The 24-year-old hairdresser has undergone a $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' in Thailand.
She is keeping each of her followers updated while she undergoes surgery.
'I've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it,' she said.
Claims by Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday.
Labour Party and Trades Union Congress seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves describing it as'shocking'
The Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users'
Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside Manny Pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation.
Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather despite the American’s unbeaten record.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent tipped the scales at 20 stone.
The mother-of-six was mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle.
Slimmed down to a healthier 12.5st and lost over seven stone.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
Benteke's treble moved Belgium into third place in the Premier League table.
Eden Hazard has scored 12 goals for Chelsea so far this season.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as PM tried to answer question.
She stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in armed forces.
The mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question ‘the 1 per cent at the top’ who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
Ronnie O'Sullivan admits he would 'love' to be the presenter of Top Gear.
The five-time world snooker champion is looking for his sixth title this year.
O'Sullivan will play Matthew Stevens in the last 16 at The Crucible.
Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone will be forced out of the country within 28 days.
Ms Sevilla had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'
The single-mum said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia to give her son the best possible 'future'
Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the Federal Government.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome, a rare condition which attacks the nervous system.
The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck.
She assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs.
But for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow.
Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London
Chyknell Hall Estate is set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire.
It also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables - and even its own cricket green.
The estate, described as the 'pinnicle of the residential tree', offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies.
The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power.
If May's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010, Labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Brendan Rodgers admits losing a 'world-class player' like Luis Suarez has made things difficult for the Reds.
The Reds are seven points adrift of the Champions League places with fourth-placed Manchester City playing tonight at Crystal Palace.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos.
In Madagascar, lemurs are one of the most at risk species, as are shrew tenrecs.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton’s Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000.
The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history.
In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic's garage for three generations.
A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago.
In 2000, love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918.
The love story it tells was unknown until 2000, when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed.
The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain.
Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan said the appeal of his company's single serve coffee machine is that users can 'just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes'
Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey.
They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.
The mother of one will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son Tommy.
Ms Gilchrist has lost all feeling below her belly button and will never have control over her bowel or bladder.
Jihadis have seized control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in Damascus.
They posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Like ISIS, the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy.
But its presence in the Palestinian camp has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach.
Evra spent eight years at Manchester United and won five Premier League titles.
The 33-year-old says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Tony Pulis believes Joey Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool.
Barton said West Brom's players 'don't know how to get over the finishing line'
Pulis recalled his own misfortune from leading 2-0 and losing as Gillingham manager in the Second Division play-off final of 1999.
Gerald Whalen visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday.
But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television.
The sex scene, which featured full nudity and strong sexual content, was screened in front of the appalled couple's 6-year-old twins.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market.
He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990.
The venture was an overnight success and he became a millionaire.
But he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire, which comes complete with its own swimming pool, snooker room and pub.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool, The Elvis Weekender in Bridlington, East Riding of Yorskshire, and The European Elvis Championships in Birmingham.
The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England'
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges.
Wright's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match.
When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns.
The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds.
Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after March 24 crash.
Woman allegedly falsely claimed to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins.
Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Airbus A320 crashed in remote region of French Alps en route to Dusseldorf.
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $20,000 reward for information that leads to his arrest.
Patel is believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a kitchen knife at a Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland where they both worked.
The FBI announced that Patel was last seen at a hotel near Newark International Airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999.
Their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands.
Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
The bag contained 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs and two monkeys.
Among the animals seized was a suspected leopard cub, which is listed in the Red Book of endangered animals.
A man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor.
He got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom.
Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor.
Plane tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway.
The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop.
Jet Airways described it as ‘a technical problem with the landing gear’ and said reports of a fire are untrue.
Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page.
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey.
Hickory Island juts out into the sea from mainland Florida, and is surrounded by waters that range from 6ft to 11.5ft in length.
Bull sharks, along with great whites and tiger sharks, are generally considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world.
Residents in Bonita Springs say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley.
The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the Royal baby.
Barcelona beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Neymar's sister Rafaella headed to watch El Clasico of basketball on Thursday.
Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division, just by points difference.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair.
Premier League stars were out in full force on Sunday evening.
Harry Kane and Frank Lampard were among the arrivals.
David De Gea and Dele Alli made up an all-star cast at the bash.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house as part of Sky Living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, The Enfield Haunting.
The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost.
As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents, one estate agent throws his hands up in a surrender position, insisting: 'I didn't touch anything!'
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake.
Researchers in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension.
Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The shop, which will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, is due to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia.
Owner of existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira, which is known for its range of sensual oils.
Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed how a Saudi Arabian cleric had told him such a venture would encourage 'the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife'
Lee Garlington was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Garlington says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking, and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer, but soon they were spending all their time together.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday.
Rojo and Di Maria appeared in Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Manchester United defender played the full 90 minutes against Villa.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma.
The 46-year-old father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm)
Tim Sherwood without Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood.
Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young both ruled out for QPR.
Dani Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and is yet to sign a deal.
The Brazilian defender is out of contract at the Nou Camp this summer.
Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Zachariah Fike head of Vermont-based Purple Hearts Reunited, says the military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on £15m home.
She has fallen out with her family of late husband Robert, who has accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007.
Her stepson says her behaviour does not surprise him, having last had contact with her in 2012 when they continued to row over the inheritance.
Luis Figo does not believe that all 54 votes from African nations will go to Sepp Blatter.
The FIFA vice-president is in Egypt to canvass for votes.
Figo and Michael van Pragg have chosen to run for FIFA presidency.
Airbus are set to introduce an extra seat to each row of their Airbus A380.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed, and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat.
The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed the crashes over the three-year period in a bid to create new claimants for his business.
He personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than £1million - to no win no fee lawyers.
Police uncovered Smith's plot after being alerted by First Direct insurance to the unusually high volume of claims.
More than 90 per cent of the claimants involved in the collisions were linked to one another and were mainly said to be friends and relatives of the 12 defendants.
A 23-year-old Taylors Hill man was arrested over the incident on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery.
He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Exposure to small, sooty particles alters the structure of the brain.
Microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting.
They are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in Britain.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the Premier League drop.
Burnley travel to Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Dyche's side were written off by many after failing to win any of their opening 10 games.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, 'raped last victim before slitting her throat'
They doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west Russia.
Pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010.
She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights.
Roy Keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
Keane, 43, is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Ashley Road, Altrincham, on January 30.
He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf.
Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo.
The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer.
Morata started just three La Liga games for Real last season.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis.
Annabel Karmel shares her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables.
Inside Harley Street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments.
Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it's famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost.
Michael Pulman, 33, has spent £7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness.
The tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast.
French customs said in a statement it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine'
The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
A bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska.
He was unable to take advantage of his good fortune, letting the juicy fish slip away, even after it hit him on the nose.
The salmon migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born.
Rubi Light was schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday.
Irish challenge also includes Jim Culloty’s Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled.
The Splendour of the Seas will sail away from RCI to Thomson next summer.
The mid-size ship will get a new name, yet to be announced.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth.
Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UK's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
The Official Vinyl Charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles.
Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three games.
The Argentinian has finished on the losing side on each occasion.
Gutierrez is desperate to make amends for recent defeats.
Newcastle face Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving free vitamin D supplements.
She is concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition.
Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and causes deformities.
The disease was eradicated after the Second World War but is returning.
V. Stiviano painted two conflicting portraits of Donald Sterling, saying he was a kind, generous mentor and father figure to her but also a 'bigot' who was mean to others.
L.A. judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought.
Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, have built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles.
Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car.
The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck and a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday.
When he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said.
Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history.
The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside Real Madrid's training ground on Wednesday morning.
It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Bale met more angry supporters following their 0-0 stalemate with Atletico Madrid.
Broadway Allotment Association's allotments were moved by Oldham council.
Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for car park.
Gardeners have complained about the new site, saying it has bad drainage and poor soil.
They are demanding that council pays out compensation for the problems they've experienced.
Michael Fyson, 77, has grown fruit and veg at the old site for more than 10 years.
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months.
In entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks.
It comes on the same day official figures are expected to show Britain has entered its first period of deflation since 1960.
Tony Blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations.
The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's security detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential Democrats on Monday.
Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene.
But a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar.
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post calling Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act a 'distracting and divisive' law.
The actor and former California governor is the latest celebrity to speak out against the controversial legislation.
Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
Prime Minister issued plea for Ukip supporters to 'come back home' to Tories.
Comes as polls show the Conservatives and Labour neck and neck ahead of election.
Mr Cameron has previously accused Ukip supporters of being 'fruitcakes and loonies'
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI.
He has sent the Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling report to Swiss lawyers.
Verbruggan also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
Photographer John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals.
He used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines who appeared relaxed in front of the camera.
The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund.
Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and reached the Champions League final.
Arsene Wenger branded the obsession with Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011.
Now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
The previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, New York on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack.
Siddiqui met Samir Khan in 2006, three years before he left the U.S. for Yemen and started Al Qaeda magazine Inspire.
Khan had previously published several articles in Inspire, including a DIY bomb-making guide used by Boston bombers Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster.
FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and share their vital tips.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'
Pups change the lives of many children with autism who may otherwise struggle to talk, communicate, walk or socialise.
An 'Autism Assistance Dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships.
David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals against PSG.
Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability.
Horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers.
Many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides.
Animal welfare charities, meanwhile, are full to capacity.
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets.
The world's third-largest joint ship, owned by Royal Caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer.
The ship spans 16 guest decks, encompasses 167,800 gross registered tonnes, carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features 2,090 staterooms.
Madonna kissed Drake onstage at Coachella on Sunday night.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit.
It is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system.
Among the features it has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows in the bottom of a huge impact basin.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi.
The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules.
In landmark ruling, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications.
It said the dissident should not receive compensation for breaching Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
New England Patriots will host Pittsburgh Steelers on September 10.
NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night.
Week one also features a prime-time showdown between the New York Giants and NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys.
International Monetary Fund warns Britain will still be running budget deficit.
State will continue to spend more on public services and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament.
The projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit, which hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009-10.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing to face Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2.
Mayweather defended his claim that he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight.
Pacquiao believes the Almighty is in his corner.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare.
The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Chris Appleton has been working as Rita Ora's hairstylist for two years.
The chart-topper's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently.
A massive fire consumed a building that was once home to a Michigan strip club on Wednesday afternoon.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm.
Only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected.
Soil underneath a slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour.
This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night.
Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders the lead.
But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found dead inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner.
Cantu and Katie McGowan met while he was working at Chicago restaurant Charlie Trotter's.
Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year.
Extra Storage Space has been viewed almost 600,000 times.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012.
The incident occurred about 3.30pm Monday at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged.
The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) took him hostage.
It is not known who fired the fatal shots.
Sidonie, a well known Spanish band from Catalonia, composed the song on a Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain.
In the video, the band's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty.
The FBI and NYPD announced on Wednesday that up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station.
Police Commissioner William Bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated in the early hours of March 6.
Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
CPS confirmed Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore.
Senior police officers have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement.
Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions'
But Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night.
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had yellow fever vaccine for assignment in Ivory Coast.
Spent two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work and even attempted suicide.
But he believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR.
Manager Tim Sherwood backed the striker to fire the club to safety.
Villa are three points above the Premier League relegation zone.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa.
Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door.
Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her.
BBC claimed plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence'
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people'
She slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club this summer.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his beloved bear Tikko, a Ganz Webkinz bear, out into the world, carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism.
With the help and support of his mother Christine, Dorian, who was then nine years old, sent Tikko off on the first leg of his adventure in back in January 2013.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured paint stripper over van owned by friend's son.
He became angry with Martin Carter - son of Olive Carter, 96.
Retired antiques restorer was given a lift to Mr Carter's address in Epping, Essex.
Was arrested and charged with criminal damage and supported himself with frame.
A Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours.
FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories, and 'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' (amazing) when the child was born.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais.
Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Scottish Championship strugglers Livingston drew 1-1 with Rangers last week.
Stuart McCall's side are four points ahead of Hibernian in the play-offs.
But Hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game in hand with Mark Burchill's Livingston.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap ‘non-dom’ status had won him over.
He tweeted: ‘Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this'
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011.
On Wednesday a Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s.
The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too 'afraid' to say anything.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, died after taking the 'diet pills' in April.
Drug contains toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives.
Some offer next-day delivery, while others offer free samples.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the summit of the Premier League table.
Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday.
A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council outlines Chelsea's plan for their victory parade on May 25.
A weakening U.S. economy spilled into the job market in March as employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since December 2013 – snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000.
The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday.
The 13 Democratic and Republican U.S. senators said they'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition.
The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee.
Radamel Falcao hasn't scored or had a shot on target for Manchester United since netting against Leicester in January.
Colombian striker's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for the Red Devils.
Falcao started in Manchester United's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday.
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL.
She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013.
Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season.
A lion got its head stuck in a barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands.
The animal reaches in too far and gets its head trapped.
Reacting in panic the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head.
Visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion desperately tries to set itself free.
Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back.
Saints defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United and Chelsea.
The 24-year-old insists he wants to play Champions League football.
Solomon Bygraves robbed Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats.
The 29-year-old then knocked the elderly man to the ground for £5.
Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker locked up for a 'long time' to protect the public.
Bygraves, who is homeless, has 21 convictions for 49 offences.
He was sentenced to 30 months in prison at Southwark Crown Court.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
The mother-of-five was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
She 'played naked Twister with the group of teens before she had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom'
She also allegedly showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex with her current boyfriend.
The property, in north west London, has'superb views' over a London park.
The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence'
But after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes.
Despite her husband's attempts to evict her, and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property, the wife has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement.
Babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall.
When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table.
The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air.
Babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships.
The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity'
The 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a bidding process.
Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013.
Two years on, the joey has become a part of the couple's family.
Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
ISIS has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria.
The extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks.
Even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market, with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms.
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were arrested at Fujairah Airport.
They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers.
The pair were taken to a police station and, despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison.
Their wife Valerie had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case, raising concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday.
The 27-year-old remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation.
For the time being at least, the Black Cats' position remains unchanged, and that means Johnson can play on as Sunderland battle relegation.
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle.
At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat, which turned out to be untrue.
The chase ended when Shepherd crashed into another car and after reaching into his backseat was shot by two officers.
No weapons were found in the car and it is not known what Shepherd was reaching for.
Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track.
Officials decided to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
Ticket-holders who won't be able to make Monday's event will be offered the option of receiving a refund.
Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise, Florida, posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women.
The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'
In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training.
Edinson Cavani joined PSG from Napoli in the summer of 2013.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan.
Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie could leave Old Trafford this summer.
PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out a move for Cavani.
Martina Riccioni and her friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday.
The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene.
Her family in Italy cannot afford to bring her body home to Italy.
They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in Spain.
Her remains were uncovered in 2010 during excavations of the cave.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was between 35 and 40 when she was entombed.
She would have hunted for ibex and red deer, fished for salmon and ate plants, including some seeds and mushrooms.
North Sentinel Island, located in the Bay of Bengal, belongs to India and remains an enigma, despite being populated for 60,000 years.
It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders, meaning they are rarely photographed up close and almost never seen on video.
To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone.
Melbourne fashion duo Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, have teamed up with New York-based company Print All Over Me.
The sisters are releasing a book titled #howtolive.
'We don't like to model, so we decided to add wigs and sunnies so we can hide behind them and they don’t see us,' says Jess.
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank.
It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett.
The ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up.
One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who worked on board.
He kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home.
Ian Poulter is aiming to win the Masters for the first time in his career.
The Englishman has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts.
Poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with bamboo sticks.
The couple married 55 years ago when they were in their 20s.
Huang was infected with degenerative eye disease and lost his eyesight in 1985.
Robbie Savage appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label.
He posted the photo on Twitter saying: '12 weeks.. 12st 12.. 12.4% bodyfat @JoshMchale'
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals 12 years after final heartbreak.
Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn Juventus to defeat in the 2003 final.
The Bianconeri were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal but quickly rose back up.
Gianluigi Buffon said: 'We knew it was a great opportunity and after 12 years we wanted to honour the history of Juve'
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison.
Shepard, who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years, was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter.
When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed that he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter.
Roy Keane will stand trial over alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver.
The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence.
It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights.
Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Mark Sanders, 45, is a doctor and lawyer in Fort Worth Texas.
But after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the University of Texas at Austin and pledged the Sigma Nu fraternity.
That's when he met Mad Men star Jon Hamm and his hazing hell began.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo.
The on-loan Manchester United striker has scored six goals in eight games.
Hernandez has now scored a goal every 83 minutes for Real.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 in Timbuktu.
The Dutchman appeared in a video posted by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed.
But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at same time.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene.
The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday.
This thanks to shows like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN.
Zaslav also received $144million in awards for his six-year contract.
Memphis moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division.
Memphis' Jeff Green scored 22 points and Marc Gasol added 19 to lead six Grizzlies players in double figures.
Brooklyn's Deron Williams scored a season-high 31 points to lead the Nets to a 114-109 win against Toronto; their sixth-straight victory.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, designed to select exceptional applicants.
University said recent changes to exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
At present, the university uses unified mark scheme (UMS) scores calculated from students’ performance in their AS-levels.
Deputy Prime Minister vows to cling on as Lib Dem leader even if party is wiped out at the polls.
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs.
David Luiz tore a hamstring in Paris Saint-Germain's 3-2 win at Marseille.
The 27-year-old has been ruled out for at least four weeks.
Luiz has been sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun.
More than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely.
A third of under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends.
Chloe Jackson, 19, from Norfolk, appeared on This Morning.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain.
Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago.
Remains were first uncovered in 2010 during excavations of the cave.
They were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto.
The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013.
Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Club president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people.
It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Queensland Police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents.
Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection.
Manchester United have put forward an opening £21.5million bid for Mats Hummels.
The German club value their captain at £35million.
Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain.
The two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, according to the Daily Telegraph survey.
The poll puts David Cameron and the Tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote.
Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark.
He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights.
There has been a 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years.
This compares to a 4 per cent increase in women choosing part time work.
Men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time.
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts.
He boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe.
Hillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department.
'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene.
Clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind.
The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill.
He had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none had taken him seriously.
Attack took place in the Sant Andreu neighborhood of the city just after 9am this morning and police confirmed the boy has been detained.
Ander Herrera scored a brace against Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon.
Herrera's eyes appeared to be shut when making contact with the ball.
Six of his seven goals have been scored without him even having to look at either the ball or the opposition's net.
The 25-year-old joined Manchester United for £29million in the summer.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences.
The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator.
It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines.
Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, thought to be in Pakistan but charged with manslaughter by gross negligence.
Dr Errol Cornish, 67, also accused of corporate manslaughter.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to second son Giacomo.
Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during leaders’ debate.
His cribsheet prompts him to turn a 'negative' into a 'positive'
The Labour leader urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’
Joyce Kuhl claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools.
Suit claims the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them.
Ms Kuhl wants to have her $97 ticket reimbursed, as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer.
The letters were delivered to Abu-Jama in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes.
He is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner.
His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has gained international support for his claim that he is the victim of a racist justice system.
Lance Futch, 26, was shocked on Friday when his meeting with a Federal White House official about jobs for veterans turned out to be with President Obama.
'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman, referring his dress uniform.
The White House had asked Lehi-based company Vivant Solar to send a representative with military affiliation to the base during Obama's visit last week.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead in the 56th minute.
Ikechi Anya made a huge contribution in the 54th minute for the Hornets.
Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday.
Beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans.
There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers.
They are most often identified by their songs, which they use to navigate.
The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle.
Asteroid 2014 UR116 is due to pass by the moon in 2017.
Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
Scientists determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site, before creating a computer model based on those figures.
This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary H5 chondrite - a group of space rocks with high strength that make up 31 per cent of meteorite falls.
Ellie Harrison, 37, has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood'
The mother-of-two, who joined the programme in 2011, said she'd love to stay where she is for 'a long time'
Anais Zanotti, 30, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her.
The French-born model, who has skydived more than 1,350 times, says: 'I love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking'
Andrew Odell bought a loaf of bread from Aldi in Milton Keynes.
He said it was the first and last time he would shop at the supermarket.
When Aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch and that the couple were 'extremely upset'
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, and is a sun spot.
The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is.
Sun spots range in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to the party.
She accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into mainstream.
Tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
Ms Le Pen's party regularly wins up to 25 per cent of the popular vote at local and regional elections.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the Premier League.
Louis van Gaal wants the 22-year-old to form a central part of his rebuilding.
Ings is out of contract at Burnley in the summer.
United have held talks with Burnley through a loophole in Premier League regulations.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's claim that he is the greatest footballer on the planet.
PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Pastore scored a brace in PSG’s 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus.
Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but she managed to push her daughter to safety.
She was rushed to hospital where doctors battled to save her but she later died.
Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed, Cardiff, today.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse.
Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each.
The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots.
Her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding, which came in at $2 per person, is guaranteed to be a crowd-pleaser.
Scientists believe injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick', allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells.
The theory is based on a single patient case study.
It looked at a 59-year-old man in London who was an 'elite controller' - meaning his immune system could control HIV for a long period of time without needing treatment.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion.
When the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar.
The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end.
The Spaniard says McLaren will be his last team when he retires.
Alonso left Ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back.
The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed.
Figures indicate two in five local authorities in England will have more children ready to start school than there are places.
This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year.
Rory McIlroy will play Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore in penultimate group on Friday.
McIlroy carded a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth.
The world No 1 has plenty of work to do in his pursuit of the legendary green jacket at Augusta.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, who is usually seen smiling, wore a frown as she left the building alone.
Sky Sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016.
Overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - 'Fit for the Future'
This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he 'liked' one of her pictures.
The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple.
Lydia is a full time blogger, she often shares pictures of her stylish outfits with her Instagram fans.
Carlo Ancelotti will remain in charge of Real Madrid next season.
The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to the Premier League.
Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah.
The 28-year-old said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships.
Kipsiro says they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team – he holds national records and has won medals at world level as well as three Commonwealth golds – and complained a coach had been raping them.
In Afghanistan, many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are, however, allowed to ride skateboards.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses, pants, headscarves and sneakers in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2012.
Sacha Whitehead received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook.
The 26-year-old financial adviser was spurred into action after reading a friend's Facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm.
Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died tackling blaze at Paul's Hair World in Manchester.
He and a colleague got into difficulties battling the blaze which started in July 2013.
The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight.
She was initially charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal on Tuesday night.
The Atletico Madrid striker had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Diego Costa delivers.
Mandelkic's tattoo on his lower back was on show, and it read: 'What doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed their biggest CV peeves.
The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake.
A whopping 87 per cent of the 600 employers admitted that they find it annoying.
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs.
The account was started by Elite Daily's writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages.
Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner's sunglasses, and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring.
Britons apparently spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe.
Almost a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same thing online.
Men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, is home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000.
Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
The town's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on harvesting raspberries and chestnuts.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night.
The 19-year-old saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010 - in the League Cup final and in the FA Cup semi-final.
Grealish says Tim Sherwood has bred confidence throughout the squad.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia just a day before he lost his battle with the illness.
Initially, Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable, but the reality turned out to be much bleaker.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers.
Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami.
The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates.
Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday.
He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww'
He added: 'She was smirking... I mean, she said zero at this point, and I just kind of, and all I wanted to do was not be sitting next to her'
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House.
The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day.
He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring.
Professional golfer Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines.
He was en route to the Master's golf tournament in Georgia this week.
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room.
Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday.
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester.
He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
Added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon sandwiched between two brioche buns.
National Counterterrorism Center is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy.
The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
Meanwhile, the family of US contractor Warren Weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $250,000.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales.
His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
Prince Harry is pictured taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin, Northern Territory.
The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force’s Tiger assault helicopter, similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012.
Harry will hang up his fatigues and, after attending official functions in Perth and Sydney, is expected to return to Britain.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy.
To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon.
The Typhoon itself is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip and the material is 'no more than the thickness of a match stick'
The 29-year-old American tourist drove into oncoming traffic in Thailand.
She was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes.
After the smashed-up car came to a halt, officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door.
The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal said that it is a great time to be a United supporter.
United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future.
Princess Salwa Aga Khan has given birth to her first child.
Baby Irfan was born in Geneva last Saturday and both mother and child are doing well.
She follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives.
Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season.
Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
In the United States, women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make — and a new pop-up shop in Pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap in order to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors.
Less Than 100 sells ceramics, art, and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint.
The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night.
Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892.
She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Raikkonen is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat their German rivals.
Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of the season.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Open final.
Djokovic became the first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events.
The Serbian was on court for almost three hours as he overcame the Czech.
Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and plan on enabling it to drive itself.
The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself.
Andrei Arshavin is set to leave Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season.
Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk will be released by the Russian side.
Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
As part of the recent moves around comet 67P, Rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles (14 km) of the comet’s surface on Saturday.
Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right.
The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface.
In the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to the ‘head’ of
Colombian forward Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0.
Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Monday night.
Glenn Murray and Yaya Toure scored the only goals of the game.
Mangala has endured a miserable first season in the Premier League.
Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted about her triumph.
She said: ‘GSM Sturgeon’ (Game, Set and Match)
Sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive, but end up being just the opposite.
'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan.
After the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law.
A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria.
The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy.
University is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted.
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton.
The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped.
He soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'We're going to die', during the call and told her to'stay low' and reminded her to breathe.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire.
The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011.
Gillespie will begin his role there in December, when the next edition of the BBL gets under way.
Labour leader's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors.
Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'
Miliband wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land.
Cyclist Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
The site was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986.
Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years.
Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
Dozens of people who visited the Cooden Beach Hotel came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug.
Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug' after visiting the hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history.
She and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award 2015 at a ceremony last week.
Captain Rahmani was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying the Afghan Air Force wanted to recruit pilots.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for the Blues before John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao sent the Colombian hurtling to the ground.
Sky pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agreed that play should have been stopped for Terry's rough tackle on the Colombian.
Connor Sullivan, 17, of Cupertino, California, went missing on Monday morning.
He spent 80 hours at Monta Vista High School before returning Thursday night.
Police and volunteers had searched for Sullivan, but could not find him.
The hardworking track athlete reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at the school.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Liverpool in the FA Cup fifth round in 2006.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle in the incident.
Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
But Smith insists that was not the case.
Mesut Ozil has scored seven goals in his last eight Premier League games.
Ozil set up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the PL, the seventh-best tally in the competition’s history.
The German is worth paying to watch when at his best.
Eden Hazard is the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special.
John Carver's Newcastle United suffered a Tyne-Wear derby defeat against Sunderland.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials.
The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Glen Walford has spent two years fighting Worcestershire County Council.
The 75-year-old theatre director intended to retire to her mother's home in 2006.
She has invested £40,000 in renovations at the house in Stourport-on-Severn.
But the council has now won the right to force her to use the equity in the house for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury.
The winger is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek.
Ribery admits he 'can't even run' after failing to recover from injury.
Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd.
Bradley will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel in February 2013.
The gun Bradley will testify about 'could have been, might have been' the murder weapon, Garsh said.
During one sidebar Bradley stared directly at Hernandez, who refused to make eye contact.
Tom McTevia, 42, was left without the use of his legs following another ATV accident 11 years ago.
He was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday.
When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue.
A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming.
He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt.
Bollaert earned about $900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $30,000 from victims.
The four Vincenti sisters were taken from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night in 2012.
Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father Tomaso Vincenti was an abuser.
Now 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad.
Emily and Claire Vincenti are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services.
The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin.
Real Madrid want to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea.
But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate.
De Gea has been in fantastic form this season, while Iker Casillas has been seen as unreliable.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was sentenced to five years to life in prison today.
She strangled six of her children before stashing their bodies in her garage.
Huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk, but he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning.
The Venezuelan athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt.
The Perth couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Thanks to Shannon Mann, 22, who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years, that dream could soon be a reality.
Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes.
The 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons.
Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the striker.
Gary Bowyer expects further interest in Rudy Gestede.
Steve Bruce has revealed that Hull players will have their salaries slashed if they don't beat the drop.
Hull are fourth-bottom of the Premier League and face one of the toughest run-ins.
Bruce said all players' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2.
Ricky Hatton believes the Filipino has the style to beat the Money Man.
Hatton says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives Mayweather a huge advantage.
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss.
The writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ‘apologize’ is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today.
Gray was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked after noticing police presence'
Gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma.
Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don’t know how it happened.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003.
During the three years she was with Castro, he kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry.
Roldan describes Castro as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic.
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Davis County School District accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher.
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back.
She'd always been strong and active until the pain began in the spring of 2013.
A month after seeing her GP, and feeling increasingly desperate, she sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan.
The radiographer spotted that Julie's coccyx was slightly enlarged and contained a tumour.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches.
In an online statement on their website, the company wrote it is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe.
The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Celtic face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with chance to go eight points clear.
Win their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone – and won't play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings.
Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance.
But living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness, particularly obesity.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, killed his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their eight-year-old son Grayden at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia last night.
Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent.
Pochettino tripped Michael Owen to give away the penalty that David Beckham converted in the 2002 World Cup finals.
The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend.
On Friday, five days after the shooting, the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.
His head was partially shaved and marred by two long, stapled incisions.
More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
One tornado blew through Granbury at 7pm on Saturday night, and winds of up to 80mph were reported in Hood County and Parker County.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000.
On one surgical ward, 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment.
Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection; giving oxygen and IV fluids to protect organs and raise dangerously low blood pressure; checking urine hourly to monitor fluid levels and kidney function; and administering antibiotics to clear any underlying infection.
The College is now calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol to weed out hospitals that are failing to tackle the problem.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out with former team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt on Saturday night.
Former Manchester United striker Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team mates'
Giggs appeared to be in buoyant mood as he posed for a picture shortly after witnessing his side fall to a frustrating loss at the hands of the Premier League leaders.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14.
The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body.
Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici.
The Reading stopper allowed Alexis Sanchez's shot to slip through his body in extra-time.
Arsenal beat Hull 2-1 to reach their second consecutive FA Cup final.
Cardiff-based car insurer Admiral hit out at falling standards.
Admiral said many youngsters lost out at the very beginning of looking for work.
Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a Labour rival, Theo Blackwell, spotted him and alerted other councillors.
Mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off.
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car.
It has ‘dragonfly’ swing doors that open upwards and ‘crystal laser headlights’
It was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week.
The car was developed in Shanghai by GM’s Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre (PATAC) joint venture.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned the Red Devils to their third successive Premier League loss.
Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match.
Christopher Furniss-Roe from Pontypool, South Wales, hanged himself.
The eight-year-old was sent to bed early for breaking his younger sister's bucket.
His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry long-term partner Heather after terminal cancer diagnosis.
The couple settled on a venue close to their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester.
But a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times.
Couple were left with three marriage certificates as the first two were riddled with errors.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa,.
is roughly 3.7 million years old.
It lived at roughly the same time as.
Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous.
fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
The Sacramento Kings are set to sign Sim Bhullar to a 10-day contract.
The 22-year-old centre is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns.
He will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses.
But after a disastrous year new chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale.
Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month.
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's clash with Manchester United on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers wants to sign a top striker who can 'play every week'
Sturridge has been plagued by injuries during the course of the season.
The England international has played just 12 league games this season.
Mats Hummels has been on Manchester United's list of targets for some time.
Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay.
Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday.
Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground, and went to hospital for x-rays.
Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals.
Belgium international says he dealt with racism as a youngster.
Lukaku hailed work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan.
She was admitted with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia.
Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation.
But ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer.
The 'crystal clear' footage was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker.
It is said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain.
The worker had reportedly contacted 101 on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid.
But even though police raced to obtain the CCTV once report was made, the force has refused to make the images public - despite claims it is the best footage yet.
Comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday - four days before the raid was
Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join league champions Chelsea in the Champions League.
Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four.
Bournemouth are automatic champions of the Championship.
Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work.
The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine and feature in this month's edition.
Samantha Cameron visited The Growing Zone allotment project in West Yorkshire.
She was persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand, which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children.
Mrs Cameron was introduced to various activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend.
Alexis Sanchez puts Arsenal 3-0 up against Liverpool at the Emirates.
Jermain Defoe's volley against Newcastle earned Sunderland three points.
Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea also made the list.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe.
She published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Gabriel attributes all her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites.
Xana Doyle was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning in January.
Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking at Cardiff Crown Court yesterday.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on one they like.
And men are happy only on their fourth try, survey found.
Two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor.
During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Ginneti will also face three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Domenico Rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra.
In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence.
Today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Pictures show the new buildings which have been built following the discovery of the 12-year-old's body in the in 2013.
The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.
Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there.
Poppy Smart was whistled at by builders on her walk to work in Worcester.
The 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator complained to West Mercia police.
She compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination.
One of the workers even approached her on the pavement, blocking her way.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday.
On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona.
It will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction.
Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 golds, and 18 silvers.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Fabian Delph set up Christian Benteke's equaliser in the 36th minute.
Tim Sherwood's side will face holders Arsenal in the final next month.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by her sister.
Gillian Owens claims she used to cut the heads off her sister's dolls.
The 44-year-old has denied the claims which sparked a Twitter trend.
She said: 'For the record I think my sister is misremembering'
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis.
The 14-year-old playmaker rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12.
Manuel Pellegrini is looking to build for the future by snapping up hot property.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death.
He is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler.
The 34-year-old also has a history of DUIs in Louisiana.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with golfer Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers show.
The 30-year-old has been dating Woods since 2013 and has become close with his children.
Vonn has credited Woods with helping her overcome a knee injury that kept her out of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics in Russia.
Experts said training was ‘heavily geared’ towards young people.
Many older workers were left behind in the workplace.
This left them vulnerable when companies start ‘shedding’ jobs.
Duke of York made first public appearance since sex claims against him were thrown out.
The 55-year-old smiled broadly as he chatted to employees at AkzoNobel.
He has always denied having any sort of relationship with Virginia Roberts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits.
Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda eight times.
He discovered she had been having an affair with a postman.
She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
Leicester City beat West Brom 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy scored late goals for the Foxes.
Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is now in their own hands.
Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield.
Club chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina to rubber-stamp the deal.
Romero's agent and his club Velez both own stakes in the player.
Hole appeared on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
Experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
The heat blasting from the 'ring of fire' has been measured at 792C.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia Grace.
The 33-year-old is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics.
Zara said she was'surprised' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy.
Lian Doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice today.
She helped cover up the murder of Pennie Davis, 47, as she tended her horses.
Robertson was paid £1,500 in counterfeit banknotes to kill Mrs Davis.
Doyle, from Hythe, Hampshire, has already spent six months on remand.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on Spanish coast.
Both men are wanted by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of drugs offences.
Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up.
When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious.
The Buenos Aires con-artist posted raunchy pictures of herself online and then flirted with strangers she had contacted on the social network.
She is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them.
Two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes.
Married couple John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, harassed them over a petty dispute.
They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset.
Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners.
But on Friday the case against Mr Phillips was dismissed.
Cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London, has experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony.
About 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in sediment in 2013 it had been thought that they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
The estimated age of the human remains and the way they appear to have been disposed of has led to the suggestion that the bones could even be Boudicca's rebels.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to beat Zenit St Petersburg 2-1.
Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound.
Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden.
The group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar.
The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'
A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Dr Alex Russell is a Sydney-based University lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years.
Russell has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine'
He shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries.
It explains why many Canadian airport codes begin with the letter Y.
Omega Airport in Namibia has the somewhat hilarious code of OMG, often used as shorthand for 'oh my God'
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen.
Visitors to the Exclusion Zone, a nearly 50kilometre (31-mile) radius of contamination, are banned from touching anything.
However, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 to close in on Bundesliga title.
Sebastian Rode opened the scoring from close range.
Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time.
No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, is set to open this month.
It has been transformed into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon.
The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
PM visited Pirate FM in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans for the southwest.
He was presented with Cornish t-shirts emblazoned with 'If You Can Smell My Pasty, You're Too Close'
Mr Cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children waking him up.
The 18-year-old is the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham in 1995.
He said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the conviction on Wednesday.
Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row.
Jannik Andersen, 23, struck and killed by train at Coachella music festival.
Student, from Colorado, was struck by train on tracks in Indio on Saturday.
He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, police said on Monday.
It remains unclear why Andersen was on train tracks instead of at festival.
Jack Wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of Manchester City.
Arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off.
Wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
He had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
The man, who has not been named, was pulled up from the rails of the Washington, D.C., metro system by two men who leaped down after him.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island.
It is located in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand.
The 39-year-old has been base-jumping since the age of 22.
Mummies were found in the crypt of the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary.
They were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis.
Scientists found 14 strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies.
All of the strains belonged to a lineage of Tuberculosis bacteria known as Lineage 4, which still causes more than a million TB cases a year in Europe and America.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and father David, 56, were shot dead 'execution-style'
They had been celebrating a football game in their garage in New Orleans.
But moments after waving goodbye, they were both shot dead at close range.
They were found by David's wife, Nicholas's mother, in bedroom moments later.
Police have arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and Dexter Allen, 17.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy.
Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the secluded capital.
The super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government SUVs.
Sergio Aguero has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City.
The Argentine scored against rivals Manchester United in Sunday's derby.
Manuel Pellegrini's future is in doubt after a difficult 2014-15 campaign.
But who would dream of coming to a club without Champions League football?
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England.
The Lancastrian is aiming to overtake Sir Ian Botham as leading Test wicket-taker in England’s history.
Anderson says he wants to continue playing Test cricket for as long as possible.
Addison Russell was batting for the Chicago Cubs in the seventh inning.
The 21-year-old accidentally let his bat slip out of his fingers.
It ended up striking a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' circle.
Russell said: 'Words can't describe how bad I feel'
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half.
Marius Zaliukas doubled Rangers' lead with a clever back-header.
Stuart McCall's side moved one point clear of Hibs in second place.
Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president.
On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet as it burns up more than 9,180 gallons of fuel.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, Taliya Richardson, last Thursday.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found.
A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013.
The police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence, and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers.
Toulon beat Wasps 24-16 in their Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday.
Ali Williams crossed for a late try to put victory beyond doubt.
Dai Young's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, on A34 in Walsall.
Dad-of-one arranged for her boss to drive past the billboard on Friday.
The 20ft-tall 30ft-wide poster featured pictures of the couple from their relationship.
Tara was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard and got down on one knee.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank.
He films his friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat.
Liam moves the magnifying glass over the top of his friend's hand.
A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles.
Manchester United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool.
Fellaini followed David Moyes to Old Trafford in the summer of 2013.
The midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France, rapping 'We want your blood'
This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of World War I commemorative events taking place next week.
Cuspert had been a relatively successful rapper under the name Deso Dogg before trading in his faux-gangster lifestyle to wage jihad on behalf of the Islamic State.
In February it was revealed that the militant was being spied on for the FBI by a Syrian woman he thought was his wife.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm when their tires got stuck in the sand.
Reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked, but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car.
The tires sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away.
After being lifted up by the sea, the car eventually beached and had to be flipped by a bulldozer, before it was taken back to the road.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the Grand Garden Arena.
The fight was always going to take place in Las Vegas.
But the fight has now been cancelled after weeks of wrangling.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Tim Sherwood was visibly delighted with his side's performance.
Vlad Chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' frustration.
Christian Benteke scored the winner for Villa in the 35th minute.
David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring against Marseille on Sunday.
Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
The 27-year-old will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years.
Was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into journalists.
The Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week.
It was the only building in its road not destroyed by Hitler's bombs during Blitz.
Landlady Patsy Lord returned two days later to find it was no longer standing.
Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers.
Sarah Brady was the wife of a former White House spokesman and a tireless anti-gun violence activist who helped pass major anti-assault weapon legislation.
The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death, calling Sarah Brady a 'guiding light'
Mrs Brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded gun that had been left in a car.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon.
Despite critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham Hotspur need to keep pace with Harry Kane.
Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Spurs this season.
But Sherwood has warned his former club could lose the England star.
Tottenham take on Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
The Robshaws sampled locusts, crickets, worms and grubs in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back In Time For Dinner.
Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season.
Chelsea are also set to travel abroad after the current campaign finishes.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post season tours as a 'nightmare'
A three-year-old girl was airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face.
She was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their dog 'gripping' her by her head.
The dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, fell from the deck after her punt hit another boat in Cambridge.
She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced.
Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out.
By Friday, temperatures could again reach highs of 21C in the south of England.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business.
One of his most shameful moments was broadcast on national television when he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***'
The 44-year-old said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage.
He attributes getting older as a reason why he decided to change his attitude and behaviour about five years ago.
The chef now works at Charing Cross Hotel in Waverley - in Sydney's east - and still raises his voice in the kitchen, but it does not escalate to
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from an inner-city Sydney penthouse.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl.
They were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world.
The story was of course a hoax but still managed to create plenty of confusion for Arsene Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering.
Wenger then turns to his press officer off camera who tells Wenger: 'I think that's an April Fool' joke'
Sportsmail revealed on April 1 that the story was indeed a hoax.
Matthew Whelan, 35, has covered every inch of his body in elaborate inkings.
The Birmingham man says he has been forced to go it alone due to discrimination.
Mr Body Art says employers should take him seriously and look beyond his appearance to what's inside.
Dalny Vostok trawler sank in Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula.
The ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
Unidentified motorist hauls a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings.
Footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week.
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days.
The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
A cold front is expected to move across the state on Friday, creating the conditions for a cold and rainy Anzac Day.
Jennie Anne Kehlet was last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth.
The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone.
Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison.
Santana killed his roommate Shelby Fazio, 23, and sexually abused her dead body in October last year.
He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did'
Fazio's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down.
Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta.
Kane scored on his full international debut against Lithuania.
England boss Roy Hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for Kane.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on Wednesday.
The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County at St James' Park.
De Jong has made just one Premier League start since £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
The 56-page document is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript.
It was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School in Buckinghamshire.
Turing wrote the notes at the Bletchley Park code-breaking HQ in 1942.
They paved the way for computer science and helped break the Enigma code.
The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend Robin Gandy.
Benedict Cumberbatch, who played Turing in The Imitation Game, said: 'The thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling'
Jake Castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts.
On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’
On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences'
He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30am.
New satellite images reveal China has built airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea.
The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim the disputed territory.
Images reveal Fiery Cross Reef virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014 but by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island.
They follow equally disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificially-built island on Mischief Reef.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire.
She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof.
The video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover.
Mr Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia.
The majestic stingray swum over him three times, enveloping him under his body as he glided on top.
Mick Schumacher will drive under his own name for the first time in his career.
The 16-year-old will follow in the footsteps of his father, Michael, who won a record 91 races in Formula 1.
Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons.
The midfielder admits the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big but has impressed recently.
Allen also spoke of the feeling at the club after captain Steven Gerrard announced he would be leaving the Reds.
Mike Holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house, each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts.
His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs, with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December.
It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'
Fabricio Coloccini set to be stripped of the club captaincy this summer.
John Carver will give the armband to Daryl Janmaat should he remain at the club.
Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month’s 3-0 defeat at Everton and landed a three-match ban which ruled him out of the Tyne-Wear derby.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Karl Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet.
Last year she clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of supermodel-of-the-moment Cara Delevingne.
Bath Abbey could have the world's first natural underfloor heating system sourced from spring water in Roman drains.
The Abbey, which lies at the heart of Britain's only World Heritage city, was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two years ago.
Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011.
He called police to say he was being threatened with a machine gun.
But CCTV showed that nobody had approached him and he died four days later.
Inquest heard that he was handcuffed for six hours, wet himself and repeatedly punched.
His sister Kadisha Brown-Burrell said: 'Kingsley had three lumps, one on his forehead. I said to Chantelle, "Take a picture of that". He couldn't move the upper part of his body. He was barefoot and had pyjama bottoms
Martina Hingis defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup.
Hingis was persuaded to play her first tour-level singles for nearly eight years because of injuries in the Switzerland team for the World Group playoff encounter against Poland.
The 34-year-old was making a Fed Cup return for the first time since the 1998 final because she has to play in the competition to qualify for next year's Olympics.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes.
Instead of classical music, Sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature.
Rosie, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery for Autograph at M&S.
The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, is also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road, which the trailer has this week been released.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video.
It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit and Captain America's shield.
This is said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies.
In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character.
So instead, Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary.
Officials say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal.
Manchester United are third in the Premier League table.
The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.
The identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released.
Manu Tuilagi has not featured for England since the three-Test summer tour of New Zealand in 2014.
The Leicester Tigers centre has been out of action since October.
Tuilagi is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for England's pre-World Cup preparations.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen.
Cristiano Ronaldo put Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick.
Javier Hernandez doubled Madrid's lead in the 31st minute with a header.
Ronaldo had not scored a La Liga free kick in over a year.
Real Madrid have now scored 16 goals from direct set-pieces this season.
Nathaniel Clyne's contract expires at the end of the season.
The Saints are in talks with the defender's representatives over an extension.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to Geldeston in 2005.
They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful home.
But their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs Marley and Lily were shot after escaping onto their neighbour's farmland.
Lisa reveals how she had a long-running dispute with the owner of the farm, John Cook, over her dogs trespassing on his property.
Mr Cook returned to complain that Ruby had killed 120 of his birds and if he saw her on his land again, he would shoot her.
Mark Lippert, 42, was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong.
He required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand.
The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital.
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen this season.
Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo well from his time at Chelsea.
Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but failed to make an impact at Stamford Bridge.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail.
The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
Ephedra foeminea is the only plant species to follow the lunar cycle.
At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects.
They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
When a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, pollen it's carrying is used to fertilise the seed.
Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research.
Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award for March.
The 20-year-old scored three goals against Sunderland and Chelsea.
He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down at a traffic light in Karachi on Friday night.
Her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood.
The gunmen shot both Mahmud and her mother, Mehnaz Mahmud.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances so far this season.
The Southampton left back got his little girl a red Ferrari just like his own.
Bertrand has also forced his way back into the England squad.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday.
The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals for Middlesbrough this season.
Bamford is on loan at the Championship side from MK Dons and Derby.
He hopes his long-term future will be at Stamford Bridge.
As the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California, some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful.
From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos, could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet?
YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013.
They had all but given up hope of ever finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark.
Mr Roark was invited to serve as the couple's 'padrino de anillo' or 'godfather of the ring' for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bjorn Ulvaeus, of Swedish pop group ABBA, has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance, set to open in January 2016.
The venue is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
It is a part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
Since Hart is a Gillette ambassador, the prize winner will also receive one of the brand new Fusion ProGlide razors with Flexball technology worth £12.
The competition closes on Sunday April 19.
David Cameron will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money.
He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot Government schemes’
The Prime Minister will add that it is ‘wrong – frankly immoral – for Government to spend money like it grows on trees’
Dick Advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of his Sunderland players.
The Black Cats were beaten 4-1 by Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Advocaat's side are currently three points above the relegation zone.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it.
Fortunately for little Arley, there was a nurse nearby who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy.
It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy.
Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help officials unveil banners.
Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site.
They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured.
The hunt for missing flight MH370 will be extended, with government officials from Australia, China and Malaysia deciding to double the search area.
The airplane, which spectacularly vanished last year with 239 people on board, is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean off Australia's west coast.
It is believed the mission to recover it could go on for another 12 months, according to government officials.
James Ward-Prowse led England U21s to a 3-2 victory over Germany.
The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match.
He has been at Southampton since he was eight years old.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms.
Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843.
The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald were told to pay back cash 11 months ago.
But the 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid.
It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up cash.
The delay has been criticised by The Taxpayers' Alliance.
Omar Hussain, 27, regularly posts videos online under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani.
Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
In his latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post'
Hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online.
James Gregoire, 54, died following a late-night brawl in Clacton, Essex.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am.
He is being questioned in connection with the death of the victim, known locally as 'Pongo'
Police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute.
Jose Mourinho's side moved seven points clear at the top of the table.
Marli van Breda suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an axe attack in January.
The 16-year-old was released from hospital last month after spending six weeks at a rehabilitation clinic in Somerset West, just outside of Cape Town.
She is now suffering from retrograde amnesia and may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father, mother and eldest brother.
Amanda Holden said her sister, Debbie, had contacted family to say she was safe.
Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp because she was ill.
TV presenter said there was a possibility she had been airlifted from mountain this morning.
The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates.
A suitor, played by Sandler, uses videos to remind her of him.
Each day a new video is shown to residents at a care home in Riverdale.
Relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning, use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours'
Labour said the 'Marie Antoinette' moment showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people.
Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna said it showed the minister was 'out of touch'
Michael Phelps made a winning return to competitive racing.
The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona.
Phelps won the race in Mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out Ryan Lochte.
Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday.
There are so many to choose from but let's go for the reformed party animal Dustin Johnson.
Henrik Stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the Swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge.
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the Earth.
SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams.
The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018.
Tottenham want the deal concluded sooner rather than later.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display.
The pair came together at the top of the order yesterday for the first time since a brief experiment in Bangladesh five years ago.
Stuart Broad, Jimmy Anderson and Stuart Broad eased their way back after their own humbling World Cups.
Video footage captured the moment fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman's arm just in time.
Police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment while firefighters on the street below prepared a ladder to try to reach her.
She became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for Carlisle game.
Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to 'black up' for the occasion.
Jamaican reggae artist Marley was a multi-million-selling artist.
A new report has revealed that Russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year.
According to federal officials involved in the probe, the hackers wormed their way into the White House system by breaching first the State Department's network.
To accomplish this task, the cyber-bandits allegedly working for the Kremlin commandeered a State Department email account and sent a phishing email.
The White House responded to CNN’s revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber activities.
A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman.
Until Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.
The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to Aaron Schock, who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending.
The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs.
County officials estimate each will run about $38,000.
ISIS supporters 'declared a caliphate' in Yemen through bizarre video.
The video shows some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms.
They carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand.
It comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight government and Al Qaeda affiliates.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles.
The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate.
In January and February 2014 residents on Somerset Levels were forced to abandon their homes.
More than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest January since records began in 1766.
Slovenia-based start-up Color Genomics is offering at-home DNA saliva test.
It detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $249 (£167)
It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRC2, along with 17 other markers.
All of which are linked to increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup semi-final at Ewood Park on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since they beat Cardiff in the Carling Cup three years ago.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year.
The football-sized tumour was growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine causing her swollen stomach.
Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour.
A day before her last chemotherapy treatment, her mother gave birth to her second child, Skylah.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg marched out in almost identical uniforms.
They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline.
The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement.
Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold.
Louisa Steckenreuter was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year.
The mother-of-two is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family.
She has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell.
Now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill, in Sydney's inner-west, needs to raise $100,000.
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday.
Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Kenya has struggled to stop the flow of Al-Shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with Somalia.
Photographer Dark.Cyanide scales some of the city's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view.
The 18-year-old describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is constantly changing.
Many of the teenagers pictures feature his trademark turquoise trainers hanging off the edge of the buildings.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street.
Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight'
Former Prime Minister said he is 'absolutely not' in the league of the super-rich.
Blair said: 'Am I better off than most people? Yeah, I'm very lucky'
He said he could not do what he did 'unless I was also able to generate income'
Mr Blair, who entered the general election fray for Labour this week, earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state.
By day, the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you'
Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on BBC World Service.
He claimed that the new Star Wars films were anti-women, anti-gay and anti-LGBT.
But despite that he is a 'demisexual genderqueen Muslim atheist' he was still invited on to the programme.
Mr Elfwick later confirmed he would be talking on the show, where he said the franchise was full of social problems.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months.
Her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher.
The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church and receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child from the state of Florida for voluntary prekindergarten during the school year.
Bardier added that she was given the option to 'change her lifestyle' to keep her position.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman.
She told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings two years ago and says she is now the 'luckiest woman in the world'
Yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq, raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage.
The brutal Islamist organisation is taking over swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS, which they say shows a system of organised rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery and forced marriage.
Vandal smashed front window of Foxtons Brixton branch in South London.
Store front was covered in shattered glass and 'no evictions' spray painted.
One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage.
Thousands of people turned up for event organised by Reclaim Brixton group.
Organisers denounced violent actions of 'one idiot' but said 'it suggests there's a reason they are being targeted'
Organiser said 'every protest that you watch, there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window'
England reached 341 for five on day one of the first Test in Antigua.
Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket.
Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play on the first morning.
Book will be called The Shepherd's Crown and feature witch Tiffany Aching.
Sheet is based in fictional realm of Discworld and will go on sale in September.
Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel, The Colour Of Magic, in 1983.
He went on to sell 85million books worldwide, with his work being translated into 37 languages.
West Ham are set to move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620.
There will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season.
Manager Sam Allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount.
Emoji hashtags were released as part of Instagram's latest app update.
It also added three new filters and a redesigned Love button.
Hashtags can now be used with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post, comments, captions and when using the Explore tab.
The Glass House in Chislehurst was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951.
The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.
It has now been put on the market for £3.5million and boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and roof terrace.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park.
Josh Kerr put the Hoops in front in the 74th minute.
Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song.
The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015.
It is a cover of the song from 1983 film, The Meaning of Life.
Professor Hawking can be seen in the music video whizzing through space.
Luke Shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside in the Fraser National Park north-east of Melbourne when he was spotted by a police helicopter.
A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search.
The officer knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was finally safe.
Other rescuers quickly followed, with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket, before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention.
Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo
California giant's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run, jump and even open doors.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk has signed a new long-term deal.
The 28-year-old recently signed a deal until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for Zenit in all competitions.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria.
But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked.
While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx.
The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m.
Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
Misty Machinshok, 33, 'coached' husband Gary, 29, to rape her 15-year-old daughter.
She held her daughter's hand 'the first few times' and planned to tell friends and family she was pregnant with a stranger at a house party in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
The rape came to light when one of the girl's friends alerted a teacher who called police.
Both victims are now in foster care.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes, Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online.
For those hungry to learn about Valle and his stomach-churning fantasies, the film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs.
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'
Lazarus raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney in March 2013.
Betts is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
She wrote the reference in support of Lazarus's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years.
The European Parliament is set to vote to close the current loophole.
Producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal nutritional value.
But winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that a bottle of red wine has the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive biscuits'
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh.
The 26-year-old left Bradford at the end of last season.
London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'It's a great signing for the club'
Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be.
Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004.
The 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the hottest property in English football.
Stefania La Greca is a political candidate for the Lega Sud Ausonia party.
The 36-year-old is hoping to represent Caldoro in Campania, southern Italy.
Pictures of her in skimpy bikinis have gone viral ahead of regional elections.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season.
The 24-year-old from Horsham is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year.
Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.
Mourinho insists his team's priority was to win the game.
The Blues have now won seven of their last seven league games.
Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Under 21s side lost 3-1 to West Ham.
Dan Potts opened the scoring before Adam Drury's own goal doubled their lead.
Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for the Hammers but it was not enough.
Audrey Hepburn is Britain's number one style icon with over a quarter of the vote.
Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth.
David Bowie came eighth, just beating former Spice Girl turned fashion designer, Victoria Beckham.
Prime Minister hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign.
Vowed to carry on warning about Labour's threat to the economy.
Comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease.
Now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia.
Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall.
Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain.
Charlie Austin has had a Premier League debut season to remember.
The striker has scored 15 goals in the competition for QPR.
Austin says his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day.
Barton has been relegated with the club before and will want to avoid drop.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals.
Pep Guardiola's side now have 115 goals for the season.
Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play, including German Cup semi-final against Borussia Dortmund.
Forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK.
Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon.
Glenn Murray scored a hat-trick against Vincent Kompany on Monday night.
It was his fifth goal in his last five games for Crystal Palace.
The Cumbrian now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues.
Steven Gerrard was knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
Gerrard looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington after the loss.
The Liverpool captain has just six games left to play in a red shirt.
He is set to play his final game in England at the Britannia Stadium on May 24.
It will also bring back memories of his slip to let in Demba Ba at Anfield.
An independent panel of concussion experts will meet for the first time in May.
The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer for players.
Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach.
Suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers, and ‘threats falling short of brute force’ as suitable methods for parents to get their way.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to rare condition.
Doctors said he would need to have his right leg amputated or fused straight.
But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects.
They began desperately trying to find other suitable treatments.
Eventually found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved.
Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery.
He underwent a series of operations – including one to break his right
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet.
He even threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page.
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her 18-year-old daughter.
Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Luka Modric all showed off their skills during Monday's training session.
Real are seven points clear of their rivals in the La Liga table.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits.
The Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander.
But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute.
Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges.
Villa manager Tim Sherwood saluted the Villa faithful with both fists clenched at the final whistle.
Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war.
They believe the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683.
Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici in extra time.
Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to reach the final.
Liverpool's sponsorship agreement with Standard Chartered Bank has been extended for three years.
Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010.
This being the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts.
Mats Hummels has been consistently linked with a move to Manchester United.
Germany legend Franz Beckenbauer believes he is at the right age to leave Dortmund.
Hummels reiterated that he was weighing up his options after Dortmund's 1-0 defeat by Bayern Munich at the weekend.
Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One unless Renault raised their game.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner hauling in Cyril Abiteboul to explain the woes in a post-race media debrief normally reserved for him.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top.
Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to Bournemouth.
Watford temporarily moved top by beating Middlesbrough, who started the day as leaders, in the lunch-time kick-off.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday.
Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Vettel beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29.
Juventus lost 1-0 to Monaco in Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Leonardo Jardim's side were awarded a penalty after Alvaro Morata got clear of Ricardo Carvalho.
Carvalho's initial contact on Morata appeared to come from outside the area.
Czech referee Pavel Kralovec hesitated slightly, possibly consulting his goal line assistant, before pointing to the spot.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa posed for picture next to boy wearing T-shirt.
The 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the shirt.
Image was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.
It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi referring to the official Twitter account of the president @MashiRafael.
A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter, and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares.
The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry.
In it, a passenger writes how in light of the recent Alps plane crash, she feels the need to'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand'
Labour leader faces further humiliation today as he loses support of plus-sized blogger.
Callie Thorpe was listed on the letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist.
But online she also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger, fan of lipsticks, food, travel and self love'
Today the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another signatories appeared to switch allegiance to Green Party leader Natalie Bennett.
Manchester City have been linked with a move for Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell.
Roberto Mancini was furious at the quality of English players signed by the club.
The club's transfer policy was criticised by then-football administrator Brian Marwood.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on the Fast & Furious franchise.
In the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the franchise, the 5-foot-5, 95-pound brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and Dwayne Johnson.
Lafontaine told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA Friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night.
Webb told Daily Mail Online that she decided to bring her grandfather since he never got to attend his own prom.
Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korean War.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers.
She handed them over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old.
Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all.
Claims Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher.
Baugh sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case.
The judge described the teenage girl as 'older than her chronological age' and called her a troubled youth.
Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial.
Ukip said St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer.
Party announced that it would make it a Bank Holiday in England today.
But economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George was welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip.
He said: 'I completely disagree... I'm not particularly hung up on where St George came from'
Cui Hongfang, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, hit the back of her head on a corner of the wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman.
Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese woman’s death.
The Premier League had agreed to a request from the BBC to film the trophy at Stamford Bridge to help with their programme preparation in advance of Chelsea’s two games this week.
A 20-strong stadium tour group at Chelsea clearly saw the Premier League silverware on the pitch although a security guard attempted to cover it up to prevent photographs being taken.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town.
Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand.
Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Laurene Jobs, 51, said former First Lady Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service.
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth and Rory McIlroy are very difficult to compare because they are so different.
McIlroy's fourth place in the Masters is his best finish in seven appearances.
The world number one never threatened to claim a first green jacket.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a £100,000-a-week move away from Liverpool.
Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is a trophy-hunter rather than a money-grabber.
Sterling and his representatives are attempting to force Liverpool's hand and orchestrate a move back to London, where Arsenal and Chelsea would welcome him home with open arms.
Saracens face Clermont at Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on Saturday.
Wesley Fofana is up against Brad Barritt, who is back to anchor the Saracens midfield.
Julien Bonnaire and Billy Vunipola are the first two players to tackle the No 8.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours.
The Russian shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw.
'The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through,' said his proud father Simon Scott.
Hugo Lloris injured his knee during Tottenham's 4-3 win against Leicester City.
The France international was carried off on a stretcher.
Mauricio Pochettino could be without Roberto Soldado at Turf Moor.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for his country since the fifth Test in Sydney.
Pietersen was described as 'disengaged' from his team-mates during that final Test by England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
The 34-year-old has scored 170 against Oxford MCCU recently.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
They are believed to have fled to war-torn Syria after going to Turkey.
Farouk Younis, imam of Masjid e Zakaria mosque in Savile Town, said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way'
The next-door neighbours were reportedly seen playing snooker a week ago.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity.
It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up.
Curiosity is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock.
One interesting aspect is that the rover’s tracks cannot be seen.
This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface.
Prime Minister said he will amend Working Times regulations.
People can volunteer or serve as a school governor and get paid.
But business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea this season.
Jose Mourinho believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year.
Sky Sports pundit Graeme Souness believes Hazard is close to that category.
Billy Vunipola has been cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait.
The England No 8 will face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition.
Thiago Silva will miss Paris Saint-Germain's game at Nice on Saturday.
The Brazilian is recuperating at home from a thigh injury.
David Luiz is still not fully fit but is still set to start.
Robert Tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag at his home in Livonia, Michigan.
When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street.
Toranovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag, but has since taken it down.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history.
Jose Mourinho's side have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10.
Manchester United led the way for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United.
Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance.
Arabtrust and Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties.
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way Benaud would have wanted it.
The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling Benaud's death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman'
On Friday, Rand Paul shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian.
In the clip, the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands, playing what appears to be Liar's Poker.
The goal of the game is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial numbers.
The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk.
A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river.
Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Just feet away, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013.
The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
Elton John and REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison.
‘Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices,’ they said.
Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world.
He also enjoys a stay at Travelodge in Jamaica.
Says he is open to finding love on trains.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories to long-term ones, work most effectively when a person is asleep.
They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old.
But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder.
Elephant became stuck in a muddy quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation.
More than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
Police were called to lead the rescue operation and got the villagers to help drain the swamp to prevent the elephant from drowning.
The short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm on Saturday night.
Sydney Observatory staff tweeted a picture of equipment showing off the bright pink moon.
Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions.
But clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth.
Yeovil Town lost 1-1 to Notts County in Paul Sturrock's first game in charge.
Sturrock has been promoted five times as a manager.
The Glovers are the first League One side to be relegated.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online.
Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
Raheem Sterling's controversial 'It's-Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium, where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans.
'£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
In 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons.
In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013, according to the international migrant stock trends data.
Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded.
Christian Benteke has two years left on his contract at Aston Villa.
The 24-year-old striker has ambitions to play in Europe.
Tim Sherwood admits he would be inclined to sanction a move away.
Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for Villa.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure.
The Manchester City boss has vowed to support the Ivorian.
Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the midfielder.
Toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal and will move to France this summer.
The Queensland Reds fly-half becomes the latest Australia international to move abroad.
Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
But he pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter.
On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months.
Prosecutors said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses.
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana, representative of the Historic House of the Medici, is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism.
Vandals have destroyed historic monuments, an influx of fast-food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets.
About 1.5 million cruise tourists arrive via bus from Livorno and La Spezia each year.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved.
31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester.
He was caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell.
But in a desperate attempt to get himself moved Cregan has apparently stopped eating.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft.
Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son.
There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yang’s statement is the only evidence.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect.
He endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life.
His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma and Craig to tie the knot.
But despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
To grant the little boy's final wish, staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry.
Veteran scriptwriter Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing.
Added parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1.
But not everyone got the memo.
Cassandra Hann said she was refused entry because she was wearing Havianas.
Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge because he was wearing thongs, jeans and t-shirt.
LaNia Roberts, 18, is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is and how, through her love of art, she found beauty within her own appearance.
The Louisville native lost 50 pounds after deciding she wanted to change her appearance, but later gained the weight back.
'Little did I know that love was so conditional,' LaNia said.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's celebration on Sky's Soccer AM.
Adam scored a stunning goal against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday.
The 34-year-old was less than impressed with Adam's post-strike antics.
Juventus drew 0-0 with Monaco in their Champions League semi-final first leg.
Arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot for the Italians in Turin.
Giorgio Chiellini threw his number three shirt into the crowd at Stade Louis II.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade.
The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury.
Joe Root has bounced back from being left out of last year's Sydney Test.
The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role.
Root should not be moved up the batting card.
Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making Root captain.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in the Octagon tonight.
The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson.
Manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent.
Libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported because he is an alcoholic.
Seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country, a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights.
In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he will be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
Kell Brook faces Frankie Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20.
Khan's father Shah says promoter Eddie Hearn should have toned it down.
The fight could have taken place at Wembley Stadium, Khan says.
Summer Elbardissy was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year.
She reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window.
Teenager was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking, swallowing food and getting dressed, according to newly-released police reports and a lawsuit filed in the city's Superior Court.
The 19-year-old was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, a broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising.
Danny Nickerson, 6, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments.
Last July, his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined.
On Friday night, his mother wrote on Facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle'
Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year.
Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
City watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, in West End.
Honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player.
She left door unlocked so boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and a second thug could get inside.
They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home.
Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing and throwing around £50 notes.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters.
But when he was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause.
Arsenal are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to approve Loretta Lynch as President Barack Obama's.
next attorney general, ending a five-month deadlock that made.
Lynch wait longer for confirmation than the last seven attorneys.
general combined.
The first black woman to become the top.
law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote.
Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat.
She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Mrs Marriott attempted to call the RSCPA at 7am yesterday but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999.
Det Con Craig Wallace, a detective based at Rochdale police station, overheard the call and offered to help as he has experience with keeping snakes.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid'
But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project.
Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places.
The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Kitchens sell houses. They are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the ‘debrief of the day’ meeting room.
The key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities.
Major General James Post III was fired on Friday after making a treason comment to 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10.
The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Catherine Nevin was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead.
The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course.
She was pictured leaving Mountjoy prison and making her way from Dublin's Dochas Centre to the Oblates in the city's Inchicore suburb.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
The Gunners need a goalkeeper, a centre back, a holding midfielder and a top, top-quality striker in order to win the Premier League again.
Arsenal have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan.
The bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the US regarding police shootings on African-Americans.
The tweet was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash on social media.
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition.
But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities.
The California giant's patent says that one day a robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity'
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar.
When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead.
Parker posted $250 bond and was issued a trespass warning.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China.
The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club in November believing she would get playing time.
But she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team.
She was benched the first two tournaments and the coach told her she would not play much for the rest of the season.
Her mother said the dispute is not about playing time but about 'playing' claiming her daughter 'wants to play'
Swansea host Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon.
Garry Monk wants the Swans to continue their impressive form.
Roberto Martinez was lauded by Everton fans last season as they qualified for Europe with a fifth-placed finish in the Premier League.
But the going has been a lot tougher for the Spaniard in his second season.
A surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine.
Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim.
The 29-year-old has since gone on to become Britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’
YouTube videos show Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air.
As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Brentford 1-0 in the Championship play-off.
Kieran Lee opened the scoring for the home side in the 35th minute.
A mistake from Harlee Dean looked as though it had gifted Wednesday with a sure-fire goal.
Cardiff University study examined data from more than 150 schools across Wales.
Almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarettes, far more than had been tempted by tobacco (1.6 per cent)
Abou Diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on Wednesday.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Diaby a new contract.
Diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at Arsenal.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month, and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family's exciting news.
During a segment in which Jenna was discussing what her 'next adventure' for the show would be, she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in Paddy Power advert.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Irish jockey Walsh is riding Ballycasey in the race.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children.
It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims.
His flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in March last year.
It was previously thought that the woolly beast simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man.
But new evidence was uncovered by Dr Sergey Leshchinsky, from Tomsk State University.
He spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western Europe and Russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago.
The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk.
Robert Downey Jr was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
He said: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is'
The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant'
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night.
Pardew has won nine Premier League games since leaving Newcastle.
The Toon manager's record at both clubs would make him a candidate for manager of the year.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
Dale Cregan reportedly transferred from HMP Manchester to Ashworth Hospital.
31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes.
Cregan reportedly refused food at Category A jail after being moved to solitary confinement.
Source said: 'If he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating'
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40.
The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22.
He will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon.
Three-month-old Western Lowland Gorillas pictured at Bronx Zoo.
Babies were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19.
But keepers at zoo have yet to know their genders, so they haven't been named.
The hookers all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City.
The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News.
He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California.
Proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts.
The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart due to suspected oil leak.
Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in statement.
Plane had 123 passengers and five crew on board when it took off from Cologne.
Comes less than two weeks after Germanwings plane crashed into French Alps.
German Cardinal Rainer Woelki led service at Cologne cathedral today.
He urged forgiveness for all of the crash's victims including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
Lubitz was widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking captain out of cockpit.
Investigation revealed Lubitz had researched ways of committing suicide.
German President Joachim Gauck said tragedy provoked grief and sorrow.
Flags flown at half-mast across country as 1,500 attended touching service.
Liverpool travel to Arsenal in the Champions League on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four.
A defeat at the Emirates would leave them eight points behind.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact.
The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $300,000 cash bail Tuesday.
He has been ordered to have no contact with the 16-year-old victim.
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April.
He will spend four weeks in Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
The 30-year-old will visit the Australian War Memorial and the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie.
During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies.
The incident is almost too good to be true and multiple commenters on Reddit have speculated that the video is a prank.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged just five.
Her parents were told she only had three months to live.
The 31-year-old went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family.
She tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada, six days after giving birth on March 10.
A Gofundme page set up by her friends has raised an
Suma is one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis.
She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily pain medication.
Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years.
In June she will turn 37 years old, which is late middle age for an orangutan, so arthritis is not unexpected.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital.
The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn.
In interviews Friday at Coast Guard headquarters in Portsmouth, they said they did not see Jordan's boat and did not know any details about his time at sea.
All of the 36 units at Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents.
But the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Graham White, 76, said the changes to the property looks'more like a children's playscheme'
Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury.
Poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April.
He made his playing comeback during Derbyshire's pre-season tour of Abu Dhabi.
Clermont Auvergne thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
The French outfit are plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership’s second best side.
Both clubs are going in search of their first-ever European crown.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Reds were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City last season.
Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
They want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them.
'The idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can. We love the idea of Detroit being appealing to talented people from New York or anywhere,' said Detroit native Courtney Henriette.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel.
This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City from Inter Milan last summer.
Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010.
Leicester face West Ham United at home on Saturday.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Doncaster Lane, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent on Thursday night.
Although the body has not yet been formally identified, she is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Mr Powell is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week.
Manager Sam Allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any Premier League club in a long time.
The Hammers will move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
Stan Wawrinka defeated Grigor Dimitrov 6-1, 6-2 in Monte Carlo.
The defending champion looked disinterested in the match.
Dimitrov will face Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Manchester United's record against the top seven continues.
Louis van Gaal's side sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game.
Jose Mourinho's side travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail.
He headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army.
The move has been slammed by the man's supporters who have called for a nationwide general strike.
His execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency.
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party’s ‘union paymasters’
In special Election edition, magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked'
She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with abuse.
She made the announcement on the day a study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
The German Grand Prix was axed from the 2015 schedule due to financial problems.
F1 commercial head Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix.
The decision means the 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races.
Former world champion Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged.
Kate Sullivan, 50, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. She died five days later.
Police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name.
Jeremy Clarkson has renounced his petrol-loving ways after a 'dark night of the soul'
Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note after a public poll.
Leaning Tower of Pisa will be turned into a luxury hotel, according to Telegraph.
Tesco is introducing bouncy aisles in a publicity campaign including Lucy Mecklenburgh from The Only Way Is Essex.
Baboucarr Ceesay believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek new life in UK.
His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation.
She said: 'His mother will never get his body back. She'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager'
Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid a dismal run for City.
Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year.
He left one, an Army Lance Corporal, in a coma and severely brain damaged.
Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man, injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month.
Brock Guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla.
Authorities said the Northern California boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham wielding an axe and demanding cash.
But he was foiled after shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKarry's demands and ran from the back of the store and tackled him to the floor.
McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' in the 1990s after he was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times during the 36 weeks he stayed out of prison in 1998.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history.
Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
She has worked for his promotional company since being recruited as a massage therapist for his 2011 fight against Victor Ortiz.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
Tory MPs last night claimed Labour’s Argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’
Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun walked in on nurse Long Yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man.
He immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
The terrifying situation began at about 11am on April 9 in Dongguan, Guangdong Province.
Peter Moore received letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week.
Father-of-two from Stoke-on-Trent demanded an apology from Government.
Said officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough tax.
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday.
Sturridge may not play again this season due to a series of injury problems.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Sturridge.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since February 5.
Woods has taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form.
There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times.
The 14-time major winner dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings on Monday.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter Sarah Wright was injured.
The 200-year-old ash tree was planted 200 years ago to celebrate the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
An investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood and made it very unstable.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen.
The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people.
The phone was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning.
Officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page.
The post was quickly shared by the woman's friends who labelled police 'legends' for their unusual approach to tracking down the phone's owner.
Sergio Aguero put Manchester City 2-0 up after a fine counter attack by West Ham.
David Silva and Jesus Navas were also on the scoresheet for the home side.
Aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season in the 36th minute at the Etihad Stadium.
Feline was chasing bird when it slipped on icy surface and lost its footing.
As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks.
The hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China.
Hector Bellerin has emerged as Arsenal's premier right back this season.
The Spaniard is filling in for the injured Mathieu Debuchy at right back.
Bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's 40 metre club sprint record.
But Walcott is determined to take his record back and be speed king again.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident.
His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
The settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents were forced to leave their homes in the 1960s.
The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir, near the town of Tvardica.
Residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area were submerged in 1965.
Celtic defeated Inverness 1-0 in the William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Virgil van Dijk opened the scoring in the 18th minute.
Edward O'Fere equalised in the 96th minute for the Scottish champions.
Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe.
Sterling, 20, and Ibe are thought to have been in a London bar earlier this season.
The pair are sitting on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes, cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker.
Volcano Calbuco, which has laid dormant for more than 40 years, suddenly erupted on Wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky.
Thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event.
Hundreds filmed the eruption, near the southern port city of Puerto Montt, Chile, and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety.
Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a New York City highway.
Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08.
Abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez died.
Andre Ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Inter Milan are understood to be leading the race to sign the Ghana international.
The 25-year-old fits into Mauricio Pochettino's plans to sign young and hungry players.
The orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a Jack Russell's mouth - are doing better than ever.
Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food.
The first of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the Secret World centre, but they're growing at an astonishing rate.
Artichoke water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin C and magnesium.
The 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit.
Birch water is made from the sap of silver birch trees.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night - 3am Eastern Standard Time.
They will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called Death Valley.
The condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear, which symbolises the afterlife, before beginning their fatal trek and are given the option to be blindfolded with a piece of fabric.
If necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still -
Porto face Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
The Portuguese side are the only undefeated side in the competition.
But Julen Lopetegui says Porto have plenty of room to improve.
A Change.com petition has been launched asking Sunrise's Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month.
The 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones.
Armytage and Sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition.
Anjelica Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk.
Her body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner's Office to be identified and to determine the cause of death.
It comes after police focused their search on a pond near Carrsville last week after receiving a tip that her cell phone may be below its surface.
A little owl spotted trying to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire.
The needy owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother's wing.
His sibling rivalry gets the better of him, as he swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images.
Co-author Enrico Quinto says that Italian glamour is not'sophisticated or artificial'
Four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel.
It was later sold at auction for £2,200 in 2010 and could now be worth millions.
Bed was left in the car park by builders who were renovating the property.
Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, construction workers dismantled the piece of oak furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers.
The cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture.
It was the brainchild of artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth and photographer Michael Cooper.
Hippopotamus stood its ground against three-year-old big cats in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park.
At first, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
However, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators.
The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying lions in the area for years.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009.
His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking.
When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help.
Jessica Cleland took her own life on Easter Saturday last year.
The 19-year-old was bullied online by two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her and that she was a 'f***ing sook'
The Cleland's are now campaigning to see cyber bullying taken more seriously in Victoria and around Australia.
Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month.
He is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on Monday to register with a probation officer.
A Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories.
The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9.
There are signs that Labour is at risk from Nigel Farage’s Ukip.
In the past three weeks, Ukip support has risen by five points.
The Navy says a second SEAL has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in Virginia.
Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday.
Marihugh and 32-year-old Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season.
Belgian attacker Mirallas was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off.
Mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the Champions League.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California.
The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees.
It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter.
In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph.
He initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving.
The 35-year-old then made up a series of stories to shift the blame.
After being found guilty he challenged the verdict at Chelmsford Crown Court and the Court of Appeal but both claims were rejected.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City.
Neville believes United can beat anyone with their current form.
The bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri on Cyprus's south coast close to the resort city of Limassol.
Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet.
First comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
The study was published on April 6 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace.
Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century.
In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Byron Schlenker's buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6.
His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown.
Zara Phillips was due to make her Rolex Kentucky debut on Friday.
The Queen's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test.
Phillips won silver in the team Equestrian section of the Eventing at London 2012.
Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
They paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900, almost four times the national average of £4,363.
Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include Chesham and Amersham; Windsor; Beaconsfield; and Dorking and Leatherhead.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property.
Filkins was arrested on April 17 after owner Mark Conklin found her sitting in his summer home worth $800,000.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime.
It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain.
Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the status – but it later emerged Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand as a 'Martin Bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place.
Last week Mr Erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats to have Lutfur Rahman unseated from office by an electoral court.
Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes.
He was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, takes 30,000 selfies with passengers.
Came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30C.
The 58-year-old then uploads them to his page on a popular Chinese social media website.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday.
A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team at the end of the first half.
Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given.
Raymond van Barnevald defeated Michael van Gerwen 7-3 at the 02 Arena.
Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show his support for his fellow Dutchmen.
Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, has been sentenced to 10-years behind bars for the rape of a 3-year-old girl at his family home in June.
Judge M. Marc Kelly told an Orange County jury that he 'did not intend to harm' the girl.
The judge said that he was sure that although he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out, there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being'
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday.
He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
MV Azores had been set to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night.
Passengers were heading back to Bristol Avonmouth after round-trip tour.
But lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' wrangle.
The harbour master refused to let the ship leave for Bristol and passengers were stranded.
Ship is operated by Essex-based Cruise & Maritime Voyages.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned.
She then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund.
The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years.
Four teenagers have been caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another.
The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers.
CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands.
They dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out.
Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters, which were hung on around campus earlier this week.
The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that.
The Brazilian ace showed off his skills ahead of Barcelona's trip to Sevilla on Saturday.
Barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of the La Liga table.
Christopher Eccleston played the Time Lord for just 13 episodes in 2005.
The 51-year-old actor has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent.
He has previously hinted about a row with the show’s bosses.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery.
MH17 was shot out of the sky on July 17, 2014, killing all 298 passengers and crew.
16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
It said MPs had a duty to tackle ‘homophobia, biphobia and transphobia’
Critics accused NUT of ‘thought control’ and said proposals risked ‘oversexualising’ children at a young age.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF.
Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their bitter split in November 2013.
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and computer gaming site IGN.com.
They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-BNUs (NBUs)
Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September but did not want to receive the recommended treatment.
In January, a court ruled that she was not legally mature enough to determine how to treat her cancer.
The state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of the teen.
Cassandra was released from Connecticut Children's Medical Center on Monday after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life.
Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt.
The former Bayern Munich doctor quit the club on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto.
Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday.
Cesc Fabregas suffered a nasty-looking gash on his nose during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City on Saturday.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points.
Fabregas also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
West Brom are watching Nice forward Alassane Plea.
Plea has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder.
Former Blackburn defender Bryan Dabo is also on Pulis' radar.
England hooker Tom Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton.
Youngs was nowhere near getting the ball, which made his action even more senseless.
Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back.
Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
Shaun Andrew McKerry burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, Durham.
The masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant.
But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him.
As the men wrestled, McKerry's wife hit him twice with a baseball bat.
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law.
Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police.
Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention.
It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel.
Hydrogen-fuel is appealing for use in cars like the Vauxhall Zafira minivan.
But producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy.
With the new breakthrough, it could be possible to make it more easily.
The major benefit is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar.
John Carver has called for unity at Newcastle following a divisive season.
At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Carver hopes that the club make a swift announcement on the future of the managerial position.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash.
Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster, who seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife.
It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance.